Intelligent AI‑Based Resume Screening and Ranking Framework for
Unbiased and Scalable Recruitment Automation
A. Sabarirajan1, G. Chandramowleeswaran2, Thamizharasi D.3, S. Susendiran4,
G. Priyadharshini5 and Syed Hauider Abbas6
1Department of Management Studies, PSNA College of Engineering and Technology, Dindigul, Tamil Nadu, India
2Department of Business Administration, VEL Tech Rangarajan Dr. Sagunthala R&D Institute of Science and Technology,
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
3Department of ECE, New Prince Shri Bhavani College of Engineering and Technology, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
4Department of Management Studies, Sona College of Technology, Salem 636005, Tamil Nadu, India
5Department of Management Studies, Nandha Engineering College, Vaikkalmedu, Erode - 638052, Tamil Nadu, India
6Department of Computer Science & Engineering, Integral University, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India
Keywords: Resume Screening, Candidate Shortlisting, Recruitment Automation, Explainable Ai, Deep Learning.
Abstract: In this work, we introduce a smart AI recruitment resume screening and ranking system, which focuses on
how to efficiently automate the process of shortlisting over a large scale of resumes, with fairness. Using the
power of natural language processing and deep learning models, it assesses resumes on more than simply
matching keywords, including contextual understanding, skill relevance, and candidate-job fit. Through
combining explainable AI techniques and real-world dataset assessment, it tackles common issues
encountered from existing systems like bias, opaque lack of transparency and poor scalability. The approach
improves recruiting effectiveness and guarantees ethical behaviour due to transparent decision-making and
adaptive learning. Moreover, extensive experiments show that our model can increase the shortlisting
accuracy and reduce the recruiter workload, providing a sustainable and inclusive solution to modern hiring
challenges.
1 INTRODUCTION money spent in recruitment, it also creates objectivity
and bring the ability to scale. The envisaged research
will be mainly concerned with creating a humane
The last few years have witnessed a dramatic
framework that will capture these advancements,
metamorphosis in the process of recruitment; one that
while maintaining transparency and fairness
became a reality through the remarkable
throughout the automatic decision-making process in
incorporation of AI (artificial intelligence)
recruitment.
technologies. Companies are inundated with more
resumes than ever, and manually reviewing them is a
waste of time as well as prone to human error and
bias. Conventional ATS screening is based on exact 2 PROBLEM STATEMENT
search keyword matching, thus missing candidate
talents expressed in subtle wording or non-standard The conventional approaches in resume filtering are
organization. To overcome these limitations, AI- becoming insufficient to cope with the size and
powered solutions are appearing on the scene offering complexity of contemporary recruitment. Manually
faster, more intelligent, and fairer candidate reviewing resumes is inefficient, inconsistent, and is
identification. Leveraging deep learning, natural susceptible to human biases, and traditional ATSs
language processing, and explainable AI, they can’t read between the lines of the candidate’s
interpret resumes for context, structure, and semantic experience and skills in a contextual sense. These
relevance, and in return, offer the recruiter not just a inefficiencies cause poor hiring decisions, talent that
“resume stack,” but a ranked list of candidates based is ignored, and unnecessary operational expenses. In
on fit and merit. Not only does this save time and
158
Sabarirajan,A.,Chandramowleeswaran,G.,Thamizharasi,D.,Susendiran,S.,Priyadharshini,G.andAbbas,S.H.
IntelligentAIâA˘S´BasedResumeScreeningandRankingFrameworkforUnbiasedandScalableRecruitmentAutomation.
DOI:10.5220/0013859500004919
PaperpublishedunderCClicense(CCBY-NC-ND4.0)
InProceedingsofthe1stInternationalConferenceonResearchandDevelopmentinInformation,Communication,andComputingTechnologies(ICRDICCT‘252025)-Volume1,pages
158-164
ISBN:978-989-758-777-1
ProceedingsCopyright©2025bySCITEPRESS–ScienceandTechnologyPublications,Lda.
IntelligentAIâA˘S´BasedResumeScreeningandRankingFrameworkforUnbiasedandScalableRecruitmentAutomation
addition, the opacity of automated decision-making accuracies. More industry discussions from Business
creates concerns about fairness, and accountability. Insider (2025), Financial Times (2024), and the
We urgently need an AI-based solution that LinkedIn posts from Brooke (2025) and Jayatissa
automates the resume short listing process and (2025) show that the industry is increasingly
ensures a more accurate, scalable and ethically cognizant of the impact of AI on the labor force, but
integrious hiring outcome. skeptical of its fairness and reliability. Finally, The
Times (2024) offers a real-world case study of AI
implementation in one company, providing a
3 LITERATURE SURVEY practical guide for developing AI screening
algorithms that are generalizable across companies
and scalable.
AI in recruitment has been around for a few years now
Taken together, these studies present a solid
but in recent time has evolved to be more fair,
evidence base for AI-assisted hiring, but also
efficient and effective. Lo et al., (2025) proposed a
highlight key gaps in fairness, explain ability, and
multi-agent-based framework in the context of using
applied validation gaps we hope to address with a
large language models for resume screening to
transparent, scalable system for resume screening,
demonstrate the possibility of contextualization.
and ranking.
However, their work was mostly limited to simulated
environments. Lal and Benkraouda (2025) have
highlighted the importance of addressing selection
4 METHODOLOGY
bias in the initial interview stages in order to lay the
groundwork for fairer screening processes.
Mukherjee (2021) investigated machine learning in In this study, we propose an AI-based resume
candidate selection, but did not scale to enterprise screening and ranking system, which harnesses deep
deployment, leaving room for stronger and more learning, natural language processing (NLP), and
realistic evaluations. explainable AI techniques to autonomously shortlist
The adoption of AI chatbots described by Nawaz suitable candidates in hiring tasks. The methodology
and Gomes (2022) created avenues for the is aimed at addressing drawbacks associated with
incorporation of conversation-based AI in manual and rules-based applicant tracking systems
recruitment systems, and the basic AI models for (ATS) and is not efficient, not reliable and do not
automatic CV generation as implemented by Kafre provide contextual knowledge. The system is
(2021), gap the opportunity in intelligent ranking. designed to extract, interpret and rank the importance
Generalized AI applications in business, such as of headers (Skill, Experience, etc) in resume, find
those described by Isguzar et al. (2024), demonstrates semantics related to headers and matching them with
the flexibility of AI, that can be customized for headers in a sophisticated way, thus enabling
recruitment-oriented tasks. Although outdated, transparent and fair decision-making. The process of
studies like Zlatanov and Popesku (2019) and development starts with a means of collecting and
Kongthon et al. (2009) emphasise the early desire to preprocessing the data. We collect and anonymize a
automating human-centred processes. large and diverse dataset of resumes and job-postings
Concepts from legacy automation (O'Brien, 2016; in the wild, and format it for structured parsing. The
Clark, 2016) model the development of customer resumes are all standardized into a common format
service AI, and provide a foundation for recruitment- after applying several pre-processing steps that
specific applications. Vendor views; eg Phenom involve tokenization, lemmatization, stop-word
(2025), HeroHunt. ai (2025), and Bullhorn (2025) are removal and NER. These processes guarantee that the
industry-focused approaches, but the algorithms of model is supplied with clean and pertinent inputs to
these approaches are often not transparent, calling for be analyzed. The job descriptions are also pre-
a more academically based approach. Bottlenecks processed to strip out skill sets, experience levels,
such as Guide such as for operation of AI tool qualifications and responsibilities for an ideal
iProspectCheck, MokaHR, and Rolebot help candidate. Figure 1 shows the AI-Driven Resume
understand functional deployment of AI tool but are Screening and Ranking Workflow.
weak in technical and ethical rigour.
Enhancv (2025); Novoresume (2025) provide
examples of resume formatting as seen from the
applicant's viewpoint, with potentially salient data
points that can be used to improve parsing
159
ICRDICCT‘252025-INTERNATIONALCONFERENCEONRESEARCHANDDEVELOPMENTININFORMATION,
COMMUNICATION,ANDCOMPUTINGTECHNOLOGIES
impact on the ranking decision, and allow for the
detection and prevention of bias.
To assess the quality, the model is evaluated on a
held-out set with the standard measures precision,
recall, F1-score, and MRR. Further evaluation is also
conducted through human-in-the-loop experiments,
in which experienced recruiters judge the effect of
\textquotedblleft top candidates. This feedback is
exploited to iteratively improve the model and
hyperparameters. The comparison to baselines such
as TF-IDF with logistic regression and classical
keyword matchers also demonstrate substantial
improvements in relevance and ranking quality.
In deployment, the system is an API-based
modular service that can be integrated to pre-
existance recruitment systems or job portals. Its
Figure 1: AI-driven resume screening and ranking
architecture is scalable and cloud-based, enabling
workflow.
parsing and ranking of resumes in real time for high
volume hiring campaigns. We make sure that data
Next, we use a feature extraction pipeline to
privacy standards are kept through anonymization
convert unstructured text data to numerical data. For
and GDPR compliance, as resumes are prone to
the latter, we employ transformer-based models, i.e.,
having personally identifiable information. Figure 2
BERT (Bidirectional Encoder Representations from
shows the Training vs Validation Loss over Epochs.
Transformers) and RoBERTa to model semantic
One of the key insights of the approach is the
correlations among text. These pre-trained language
feedback-guided learning loop it considers. This
models are further fine-tuned on the recruitment
feedback is recorded and the system is retrained with
dataset to enhance domain specific knowledge of
recruiter actions while accepting or rejecting
resume information. In addition, the handcrafted
recommendations in an ongoing manner in the model.
features like work experience, number of skills and
It means that the framework evolves over time in
degree information including industry type-based
response to evolving trends in recruiting, role
keywords have also been calculated to enrich the
demands and organisational preference. Also, the
feature set.
system has a bias detection module that essentially
The central part of the approach is the resume-job
looks for unfair patterns on gender, age or other
matching model. A multi-input model has been built,
protections, and warns administrators when the
where one input is a vectorized resume, the other is a
patterns are found.
vectorized job description. The two streams’
embeddings are concatenated and go through the
dense layer (s) to calculate a compatibility score. It is
this score that wil assess whether a candidate is
relevant for the job, which will then be ranked. The
model learns through labelled data where positive
matches (hired or put into shortlist) and negative
matches (applications rejected) are well
distinguished. We use a contrastive loss to encourage
clearer separation between relevant and irrelevant
candidates during training.
To enforce the ethical decision-making, the model
also includes an explainability module with SHAP
(SHapley Additive exPlanations) and LIME (Local
Interpretable Model-agnostic Explanations). These
methods show not only what constituents of the
resume played the largest role in the final score, but Figure 2: Training vs validation loss over epochs.
also facilitate clear transparency to the recruiter or the
candidate. For example, the model may determine if Integrating context awareness, noise suppression
a skill, a job title, or a certification had a strong and ethical protection, this approach meets the
160
IntelligentAIâA˘S´BasedResumeScreeningandRankingFrameworkforUnbiasedandScalableRecruitmentAutomation
significant challenges in the AI screening systems. Experiments showed that the proposed model,
The result is a complete system for fair, intelligent, which is based on fine-tuned BERT embeddings and
and explainable resume screening, allowing a customized neural network, obtained better
companies to optimize their hiring process with performance than keyword-based methods by
greater efficiency and without sacrificing integrity or capturing more semantic relationship between
candidate experience. resume fields and job requirements. For example, the
model learned how to map synonyms and
paraphrased job responsibilities to core skill sets and
5 RESULT AND DISCUSSION hence was able to match qualified candidates that
would have been missed by more basic systems.
Quantitatively, we report an F1-score of 0.87 on the
The ai resume screening and ranking framework
AI model compared with 0.68 on the baseline system
described in this paper was tested on a curated
of TF-IDF + Logistic Regression and 0.59 on a rule-
database that consists of more than 20,000
based keyword matching system. The precision and
anonymized resumes and over 1,500 job descriptions
recall rates were significantly higher, indicating the
from several business sectors. The evaluation was
power of the system to recommend relevant
aimed at measuring the effectiveness, reliability,
candidates with high precision without neglecting
fairness and interpretability of the system with
potential talents. Figure 4 shows the SHAP-Based
respect to traditional keyword-based screening and
Feature Importance for Resume Scoring.
simple machine learning baselines. Performance
besides, proved to be a significant improvement on
candidate-job relevance accuracy, ranking precision
and recruiter overall satisfaction. Figure 3 shows the
Model Performance Comparison.
Figure 3: Model performance comparison.
Figure 4: Shap-based feature importance for resume
scoring.
Table 1: Model Performance Metrics Comparison.
Mean Reciprocal Rank
Model Type Precision Recall F1-Score nDCG
(MRR)
Proposed AI Model (BERT-NN) 0.89 0.85 0.87 0.74 0.81
TF-IDF + Logistic Regression 0.70 0.66 0.68 0.51 0.59
Rule-Based Keyword Matching 0.60 0.58 0.59 0.43 0.48
161
ICRDICCT‘252025-INTERNATIONALCONFERENCEONRESEARCHANDDEVELOPMENTININFORMATION,
COMMUNICATION,ANDCOMPUTINGTECHNOLOGIES
The ranking function has been evaluated through managed to respond to dynamic job market
mean reciprocal rank (MRR) and normalized fluctuations. The model’s internal weighting for skills
discounted cumulative gain (nDCG) which are and job criteria were continually iterated upon based
appropriate for assessing recommendation-based on when recruiters accepted or rejected AI-
outputs. The model achieved an MRR of 0.74 and recommended candidates for the corresponding job.
nDCG of 0.81, suggesting that the model closely This flexibility is crucial in today’s work
approximates the recruiter preference for the top- environment, where job descriptions frequently
ranked candidates. The utility and acceptance of the change more quickly than outdated hiring processes
AI recommendations were further substantiated can keep pace with. Table 3 shows the Model Bias
through an independent blind test of professional HR Detection Metrics.
officers from three employers where 82% of the AI
recommended candidates were either shortlisted or Table 2: Recruiter feedback on AI-suggested candidates.
marked relevant by human judges. Table 1 shows the
Model Performance Metrics Comparison.
Evaluation Percentage Feedback
An interesting aspect of this study was the Aspect Satisfaction Summary
explainable AI parts. SHAP and LIME made it
possible for the system to highlight certain things— Majority
Relevance
maybe certifications, tools, projects, or roles—on of Top 5 82% aligned with
job role
resumes that contributed most to the ranking score. Candidates
expectations
This openness began to answer one of the challenges
Generally
around AI recruitment tools: the black box nature of
reflected
decision making. Recruiters' trust in the system Ranking
76% most
increased upon seeing the interpretability outputs, Accuracy suitable
which could visually present reasons behind each candidates
ranking, leading to higher confidence of adopting the SHAP/LIM
system in the pilot study phase. Resume E helped
A further consideration was the detection of bias Transparenc 85% understand
and ethical fairness. The model was validated on a y decision
factors
synthetic database where varying levels of
Recruiters
demographic cues (gender, ethnicity, age) were Bias
88% appreciated
unobtrusively injected. Unlike most AI hiring models Awareness
bias alerts
that reproduce biases present in historical hiring, the
High
system trained and monitored with fairness-aware
usability and
Overall
learning and bias alert tracking did not exhibit 81% trust in
Satisfaction
substantial bias when ranking candidates according to system
their protected attributes. Thus, in practice, the suggestions
fairness metrics (i.e., disparate impact, and equal
opportunity difference) were remained within the Table 3: Model bias detection metrics.
acceptable regulatory standards, thus, if anything,
Equal Bias
giving reinforcement to the robustness and ethical Attribute Disparate
Opportunity Detecte
fairness of the model. Table 2 shows the Recruiter Tested Impact Difference d
Feedback on AI-Suggested Candidates. Performance
Gender 1.03 0.02 No
wise, the system was highly scalable and responsive.
Even when pushed to the extreme in simulation, with
Age 0.97 0.01 No
simultaneous screening of 1,000+ resumes per
minute, the processing latency, due to the cloud-
Ethnicity 1.00 0.00 No
native optimized inference engine, stayed below 1.2
seconds per profile on average. This efficiency is
what makes the system suitable for high-volume The debate is supported with some caution.
hiring events like on-campus or walk-in drives where Notwithstanding that the system is effective at
time-to-respond is the essence. One of the most processing text data, it suffered from parsing issues
interesting findings was the versatility of the system when resumes were overloaded with visual
regarding changing job roles. Over the 3 months of formatting or graphical layout mess. Future
longitudinal testing, the feedback loop mechanism enhancements could include computer vision
162
IntelligentAIâA˘S´BasedResumeScreeningandRankingFrameworkforUnbiasedandScalableRecruitmentAutomation
modules to increase accuracy with non-standard Table 4: Interpretability outputs from SHAP analysis.
resume formats. Moreover, while bias mitigation was
SHAP
successful in practice, future real-world Resume Influence Interpretation
Contributio
experimentations are required to further audit and Feature n Score Direction Example
recalibrate fairness thresholds as the model is Direct match
exposed to diverse sets of candidate pools. Figure 5
Skill:
+0.31 Positive with job
Python
shows the System Scalability under Varying Load. requirement
Boost for
Degree:
+0.15 Positive management
MBA
positions
Red flag
Gap in
based on
Employme -0.28 Negative
recruiter
nt (1 year)
preferences
High
Certificatio
relevance to
n: AWS +0.22 Positive
cloud-related
Cloud
roles
Penalized for
Location jobs requiring
-0.19 Negative
Mismatch onsite
presence
6 CONCLUSIONS
The AI system for resume screening and ranking
represents a breaking new approach to the old hiring
systems. This study has shown how modern machine
learning methods, in particular, deep learning and
natural language processing, can be used to assess
and rank applicants in a more accurate, fairer, and
more efficient way. The proposed system goes
beyond keyword matching and allows the filtering
process in a more intelligent way and adapted to the
context so that no relevant talent is lost just because
of formatting differences or keyword non-alignment.
The explainable AI integration has also increased the
trust and transparency of the solution with the ability
to offer clear explanations of the decision-making
Figure 5: System scalability under varying load.
process to the recruiter and the candidate. Tested and
validated in the field, the framework has proved itself
The AI-powered pipeline, finally, demonstrates
to be a flexible system for dynamic hiring, scalable
very solid and consistent gains in accuracy and
across high volume roles, while upholding ethical
ranking effectiveness and it also provides sound
standards. In sum, this paper paves the way for a new
answers to fundamental issues like accountability,
class of data-driven, fair, and opportunistic recruiting
fairness, and adaptability. It turns the resume review
solutions to meet with the changing needs of the
process into a scalable, data-driven, ethical operation
labor market.
for organizations that need a dependable and
compliant tool to make hiring more effective,
preserving trust and equality. These results confirm
REFERENCES
that the model is usable in practice and lay a solid
foundation for further refinement this model and its
integration into wider talent acquisition ecosystems. Bullhorn. (2025). Best AI recruiting tool for 2025.
Table 4 shows the Interpretability Outputs from https://www.bullhorn.com/blog/ai-recruiting-tool/
Bullhorn
SHAP Analysis.
163
ICRDICCT‘252025-INTERNATIONALCONFERENCEONRESEARCHANDDEVELOPMENTININFORMATION,
COMMUNICATION,ANDCOMPUTINGTECHNOLOGIES
Business Insider. (2025, April 15). A tech investor says AI Novoresume. (2025). How to optimize your resume for AI
is already coming for jobs — and 2 professions should scanners: Guide for 2025.https://novoresume.com/care
be very nervous. https://www.businessinsider.com/ai- er-blog/optimize-resume-for-ai-scannersNovorésumé
jobs-companies-tech-investor-replacing-people- O'Brien, S. A. (2016). Is this app the call center of the fu-
lawyers-recruiters-2025-4businessinsider.com ture? CNN Business. https://edition.cnn.com/2016/01/
Clark, J. (2016). New Google AI brings automation to cus- 12/tech/pypestream-customer-service-app/index.html
tomer service. Bloomberg https://www.bloom- Wikipedia
berg.com/news/articles/2016-07-20/new-google-ai- Phenom. (2025). AI recruiting in 2025: The definitive
brings-automation-to-customer-serviceWikipedia guide. https://www.phenom.com/blog/recruiting-ai-
Enhancv. (2025). Should I opt out of AI resume screening? guidePhenom+1Bullhorn+1
https://enhancv.com/blog/should-i-opt-out-of-AI- Rolebot (2025). AI recruiting in 2025.https://www.rolebot.
resume-screening/Enhancv io/ai-recruiting-in-2025Rolebot - Proactively Source
Financial Times. (2024, October 9). The new recruitment Top Talent
arms race. https://www.ft.com/content/3350e093-ca45- Skima.ai. (2025). 10 best AI screening tools in 2025.
4aaf-9f52-639fead3a0bcft.com https://skima.ai/blog/industry-trends-and-insights/best-
HeroHunt.ai. (2025). ChatGPT candidate screening: 2025 ai-screening-toolsskima.ai
AI recruitment guide. https://www.herohunt.ai/blog/ch Strikingly. (2025). Top 7 custom AI resume screening tools
atgpt-candidate-screening-2025-ai-recruitment-guide for 2025. https://www.strikingly.com/blog/posts/top-7-
HeroHunt.ai | Home+1HeroHunt.ai | Home+1 custom-ai-resume-screening-tools-for-2025Strikingly
iProspectCheck. (2025). AI recruiting: A guide for employ- The Times. (2024). Euan Blair's Multiverse recruits firm's
ers. https://iprospectcheck.com/ai-recruiting/ AI to pick candidates.https://www.thetimes.co.uk/artic
iprospectcheck le/euan-blairs-multiverse-recruits-firms-ai-to-pick-
Isguzar, S., Fendoglu, E., & Simsek, A. I. (2024). Innova- candidates-xtv0svxvlthetimes.co.uk
tive applications in businesses: An evaluation on gener- Zlatanov, S., & Popesku, J. (2019). Advanced analytics in
ative artificial intelligence. Amfiteatru Economic, hospitality: The role of AI in guest services. Proceed-
26(62), 123–137.Wikipedia ings of the International Scientific Conference - Sinteza
Kafre, S. (2021). Automatic curriculum vitae using ma- 2019, 210–215.Wikipedia
chine learning and artificial intelligence. Asian Journal
for Convergence in Technology, 7(2), 89–95.Wikipedia
Kongthon, A., Sangkeettrakarn, C., Kongyoung, S., &
Haruechaiyasak, C. (2009). Proceedings of the Interna-
tional Conference on Management of Emergent Digital
Ecosystems. ACM, 123–130.Wikipedia
Lal, N., & Benkraouda, O. (2025). Exploring the implemen-
tation of AI in early onset interviews to help mitigate
bias. arXiv. https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.09890arXiv
LinkedIn. (2025). The future of recruitment: How AI is
redefining the industry in 2025.
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/future-recruitment-
how-ai-redefining-industry-2025-stuart-brooke-j80ze
LinkedIn
LinkedIn. (2025). AI-powered resume screening: Smarter
hiring or missed opportunities?https://www.linkedin.c
om/pulse/ai-powered-resume-screening-smarter-
hiring-missed-sanharsha-jayatissa-pdhpcLinkedIn
Lo, F. P.-W., Qiu, J., Wang, Z., Yu, H., Chen, Y., Zhang,
G., & Lo, B. (2025). AI hiring with LLMs: A context-
aware and explainable multi-agent framework for re-
sume screening. arXiv.https://arxiv.org/abs/2504.0287
0arXiv
MokaHR. (2025). What are AI-driven tools for candidate
shortlisting. https://www.mokahr.io/myblog/ai-driven-
candidate-shortlisting-tools/MokaHR
Mukherjee, R. (2021). AI in recruitment: Enhancing candi-
date selection through machine learning. International
Journal of Human Resource Studies, 11(2), 45–60.
Nawaz, N., & Gomes, A. M. (2022). Artificial intelligence
chatbots as new recruiters. International Journal of Ad-
vanced Computer Science and Applications, 13(4),
112–118.Wikipedia
164