ITM Web of Conferences 56, 04001 (2023) https://doi.org/10.105 1/itmconf/20235604001
ICDSAC 2023
A smart resume screening tool for customized
shortlisting
Poonam Tijare', Mohammed Waseem’, Mohd Azaan Sherani*, Kornipalli Sampath
Kumargari Sai Krishna‘, Kavitha P.5
‘Assistant Professor and Research scholar, CSE (VTU RC), CMR Institute of Technology, Bangaluru,
Email: poonam.v@cmrit.ac.in
234Department of Computer Science & Engg., CMR Institute of Technology, Bangaluru-560037
5Associate Professor, CSE (VTU RC), CMR Institute of Technology, Bangaluru, Email:
kavitha.p@gmail.com
Abstract. Hundreds of resumes are received, processed, and managed by
large companies and recruitment agencies, Furthermore, many people post
their resumes on the internet. Organizations all across the world, on the
other hand, are battling to locate the greatest resource. To complete this
work, these organisations rely on industry expertise. Manual interaction is
required in the resume screening process. Most of the current technologies
search for keywords but do not consider semantics, resulting in many
superfluous resumes being shortlisted. The goal of the proposed study is to
create a smart resume screening algorithm that can automatically retrieve
and process resumes. Name, phone / cell numbers, e-mail addresses,
qualification, experience, skill sets, and other fields are mapped to the
retrieved data. The proposed model uses AI and ML techniques to do so.
The gathered data can be utilised to develop applicant profiles that meet
the organization's recruitment needs. By applying multiple filters to the
data, an efficient man-less screening process can be achieved. The model is
applied to the resumes that the company receives. The model has
performed with an average accuracy of more than 90%. The model can be
enhanced to apply on the resumes written in languages other than English.
1 Introduction
Businesses nowadays receive thousands of applications for each available post in the
offices. Every day, a large number of resumes are processed to find the suitable candidates.
This figure soared during the recent COVID 19 incident, when the entire employment
procedure was conducted online. It is impossible to personally review each and every
application; in fact, attempting to do so could be a waste of human resources. This resume
processing procedure should be automated. Human intelligence is required to determine
whether an applicant is suitable for a particular job description. A variety of features,
including as evaluating a candidate's soft skills, accounting for changing company
expectations as market trends and requirements change, and analyzing the veracity of a
candidate's resume, cannot yet be automated. However, we may automate a portion of the
process to reduce the number of candidates who must be evaluated by a human [1].
© The Authors, published by EDP Sciences. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons
Attribution License 4.0 (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
ITM Web of Conferences 56, 04001 (2023) https://doi.org/10.105 1/itmconf/20235604001
ICDSAC 2023
Reading a candidate's resume and determining whether or not they are qualified for a
specific job profile is an important aspect of the hiring process. This task entails
Professional competence when reading and digesting information from a resume and then
comparing it to a job description to determine the suitability of the application. This task,
however, is extremely difficult for a machine to complete. Traditional computer systems
are unable of recognizing the semantic significance of various resumes. However, current
advances in machine learning and natural language processing (NLP) techniques enable this
task to be completed without the need for human intervention and with high accuracy,
saving the corporation cmployce hours.
The goal of the task at hand is to create an intelligent system that can extract all of the
important information from varying resumes and convert them all to a common structured
format that can then be ranked for a specific employment position. Name, email address,
social accounts, personal websites, years of study, education experiences, positions and
responsibilities, keywords, and the cluster of the CV are all parsed information (ex:
computer science, human resource, etc.). This parsed data is then saved in a database to be
used later. Resumes are more structured than other unstructured material (email body, web
page contents, etc.). Resume information is maintained in discrete sets. Each set comprises
information about the person's contact information, employment experience, and
educational background [2].
Regardless, resumes are tough to decipher. This is due to differences in information
types, arrangement, and writing style. They can also be written in a varicty of formats. The
most prevalent are ‘txt,’ ‘pdf,’ and ‘doc’. The model cannot rely on the sequence of the data
to effectively and efficiently interpret data from various types of resumes.
Our system's main goal is to automate the screening process in order to lower the cost of
hiring and make the process more efficient. The methodology is designed to determine
whether an applicant is qualified for a job by comparing the job requirements to the
information on their resumes, such as education, abilities, and designation. The model does
more than just classify data; it also summarises information in resumes and generates a
candidate profile.
2 Literature survey
Building a smart model necessitates the use of technologies and an understanding of current
research. The research findings are summarised in the table below, which includes the
techniques as well as their benefits and drawbacks.
2
ITM Web of Conferences 56, 04001 (2023) https://doi.org/10.105 1/itmeonf/20235604001
ICDSAC 2023
Table 1. Approaches used for automated resume parsing
Named Entity | Fastest and most accurate syntactic | Due to the application on
Recognition (NER) | analysis. small datasets, the model's
Spacy[3] Fits best for the smaller dataset. accuracy is not thoroughly
tested.
GraphlE [4] Used un-localized words for NER rather | The model doesn’t count the
character-level or adjacent word level global entities into
consideration for NER.
Continual Learning | For new entities in a new domain, there is | Requires high computing
for NER[5] no need to retrain the entire NER system. | Resources.
NER-BERT [6] Instead of greatly compressing the | The model needs to be scaled
categories into four types, the authors | and tested on various NER
only merged the most fine-grained | systems.
categories to lower the number of entity
categories.
Knowledge Uses probabilistic approach rather than | Dataset provided is small.
Discovery from | model based approach.
CVs [7]
NER as | Lead to substantial improvements for | Suffers with obscurity and
Dependency both nested and flat NER, abbreviations issue.
Parsing[8]
ML approach: | Model works on structured data. Uses | Model accepts Job
Resume NLP approaches to recommend CV applications in CSV format,
Recommendation but in fact, such
system[9] applications are in .doc or
.pdf formats.
ML approach using | Model discovers matching resumes using | System lists the resume files
KNN (K-nearest | KNN algorithm, System employs ranking | based on the rank. Each
neighbours)[10] of the resumes resume then need to be
opened and checked.
Resume classifier | Model built tested on nine ML | Model only able to classify
system with ML | approaches. SWM (Support Vector | resumes, docs not rank them,
approach{1 1] Machine) outperforms compared to other
models, resulting into 96% accuracy
Convolution Neural | CNN based model with NLP techniques | Model works with 74%
Network(CNN) developed to rank resumes based on the | accuracy applied on the
based approach | similarity in the fields resumes of job portal
applied to screen
candidate job
profiles[12
The findings of the table I states that NER modcl is the most preferred model by the
researchers. Due to the probable difficulty of acquiring personal information of the
candidates, the proposed models are not exposed to the various datasets. The study also
3
ITM Web of Conferences 56, 04001 (2023) https://doi.org/10.105 1/itmconf/20235604001
ICDSAC 2023
looks into semantic analysis issues. This indicates that for more relevant and accurate
findings, the smart resume screening tool should combine ML and AI techniques.
3 Proposed model
The proposed model works by using the various ML and AI based techniques. The model
works by taking the resume files in .doc, docx, and .pdf formats. The model works in
phases. The Text Extractor receives the.pdf or.docx version of the resume or CV. The
collected text is subsequently sent to the Text pre-processor for further processing. The
Text pre-processor produces cleaned text as its output. The relevant entitics are extracted
from the cleaned text.
An Education Details Extractor and a Basie Details Extractor receive the cleaned text.
The Education Details Extractor returns the candidate's educational information. To extract
Indian names, the Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers(BERT) model
is employed. The Basic Details Extractor gathers information such as phone numbers, email
addresses, and social network profiles.
The Noun Chunks Extractor takes the cleaned text and extracts the nouns. The Entity
Tagger takes these nouns and classifies them as a skill, a role, or a degree, The nouns that
aren't relevant are ignored. The database stores all of the extracted information.
fonpate text Spaty Passing Cleaned
(various Text
PDFIDOCKs, Text Extractor Pan preprcess 9 om wer “ee eae +| Bersct Noun
[ Processing)
Cleaned
Text Passing Noun Chunks
Details Token
Extractor Classification
Extracted Extracted Extracted Experience Extracted shila Extracted Roles
DesrenColege ExvactndName PONE Number Esracted Ema eda in Vears =" mks on Noun Exuacted Degree
Social
Education Media Experience
= FEE BE AE) &
co
Database )
Storing inte Storing Into
DataBase CataBase
Fig. 1. Block diagram of proposed model
3.1 Text Extraction and Preprocessing
The resume text is extracted with the Python-based pdfminer program. It works with PDF
and DOCX documents. The pdfminer automatically analyses the layout and extracts the
text from the file. The pdfminer uses a lazy parsing mechanism, which means it only
decodes information as needed.
4
ITM Web of Conferences 56, 04001 (2023) https://doi.org/10.105 1/itmeonf/20235604001
ICDSAC 2023
File Extracted Text
PdfiDocx PdfMiner.six Text
Fig. 2. Text Extraction
Remaining
Tokens used
for further
Extracted . processing
Removing Special
Text from
Fig. 3. Text Preprocessing
Unrelated and special characters are then removed from the retrieved text. Any
characters that aren't ASCII are eliminated. The process is shown in figure 3. Now the
extracted text is converted to clean tokens which will act as a input to the subsequent
phases.
3.2 Basic Details Extractor
The Cleaned text is then passed to the Basic Details Extractor. Phone numbers and emails
are extracted using regular expressions and pattern matching techniques. Profile links such
as LinkedIn are extracted using an URL extractor from the resumes. The Experience
Extractor extracts the number of years of experience of the candidate.
Basic
Details
Extractor
Regex for Regex for Profile Experience
Number Emails Extractor Extractor
(eats) (Peres)
Fig. 4. Basic Details Extraction
3.3 Education Details Extraction
To extract education details, first noun chunks are compared with available list of colleges
and college name is identified and extracted. Similar process is used for extracting the name
of the degree. For extracting CGPA, the position of extracted college name is taken as a
reference and search space is reduced to the lines of text surrounding the college name
using string slicing. Pattern matching is done to identify the CGPA in the reduced text
space and CGPA is extracted.
5
ITM Web of Conferences 56, 04001 (2023) https://doi.org/10.105 1/itmconf/20235604001
ICDSAC 2023
Noun Chunks,
Resume Text
|
ES
Details
Extractor
Noun Chunks Noun Chunks Reduced(sliced) text
coll CGPA
vane Course Extractor
Extractar bing ond
searching)
College Name Course CGPA
Fig. 5. Education Detail Extraction
3.4 Bert Model for Name Extraction
The task of extracting names was difficult because all nouns cannot be names. This
conflict develops because some college names appear on people's names. To solve this
problem a dataset comprising 14846 male and 15383 female names was used. The model is
designed to distinguish the applicant's name from any other names on the CV. The POS-
Tagging sequence was padded to satisfy BERT's input after all of the names and tagged
names were tokenized. Over token categorization, the model was trained for 5 epochs.
. BERT For Saving model
Dataset(male,female BERT POS-Tagging,
Datasize(male-14846, ,| Trained 5
female-15383) Epochs
Fig. 6. Name Extraction
3.5 Entity Tagger
The Entity Tagger accepts noun chunks and identifies them as skill, degree, or role. The
extracted noun chunks are first run via a unigram builder, which generates all possible
unigrams, followed by a bigram and trigram builder, which generates all possible bigrams
and trigrams. After that, all of the viable words are gathered into a single container. After
that, the nouns are sent through three taggers: Skills Tagger, Degree Tagger, and Role
Tagger. Each tagger takes a noun and assigns it to one of three categories: skill, degree, or
role. The retrieved information is subsequently placed in the appropriate containers.
6
ITM Web of Conferences 56, 04001 (2023) https://doi.org/10.105 1/itmeonf/20235604001
ICDSAC 2023
Tagger
Builder gram
Builder
Nouns grams
(ms)
Fig. 7. Entity Tagger
4 Results
These models’ investigations are carried out on resumes obtained by the CMRIT institution.
Because of the inherent complications in finding the proper word, associated semantics, and
diverse formats used by the candidates, the outcomes of each module vary. By weeding out
the difficult process of segregating resumes for each branch, the model produces a result
that can be further explored by applying simple queries or filters. Organizations might use
skill sets, positions, or percentages to determine their selection criteria.
Name extraction model based on BERT had been trained with 5 cpochs. The results
of the name extraction model are as follows: validation loss returned 0.056, the accuracy as
0.98, and the F1-Score as 0.70. The model is explicitly designed and enhanced to deal with
the name recognition in the Indian continent. Model works with more than 90% accuracy
on the names of American and European continent. Basic Detail extractor works on parsing
the information related to Email, Phone number, Email ID, Profile statement and
experience from the applicant resume. Basic Details Extractor returns result with an
accuracy of 100% for phone numbers and Email ID, For profile statement and experience,
model works with the rate of 91% accuracy. Figure 8 shows the result from Basic detail
extractor.
Entity Tagger modules returns degree information, skill, roles and responsibilities
related details. The module was applied on the sample resumes received. This module
returns results with an accuracy rate of 92%. Figure 9 shows the results of entity tagger.
Education Details Extractor rcturns information rclated to the college, degree and CGPA or
equivalent percentage, This module has an accuracy rate of 94%. Module works by using
the concept of pattern matching. Figure 10 shows the results returned by this module.
This model is designed by looking at the requirements by the organisation. The
parses resume efficiently over an average accuracy more than 90%. The results are then
extracted by the potential recruiters by applying search constrains on the roles, percentages,
degree or any of the parameter which was extracted. The results of the proposed model can
7
ITM Web of Conferences 56, 04001 (2023) https://doi.org/10.105 1/itmconf/20235604001
ICDSAC 2023
be enhanced by training it on the resumes from various continents and on bigger sample
size.
EDUCATION DETAILS EXTRACTOR (COLLEGE, COURSE,
GPA)
z
& =
2
va va va Lf va a ” v LLL / Y !. vf
Resumes
Fig. 8. Basic Details Extractor Accuracy
ENTITY TAGGER (DEGREE, SKILLS, ROLES)
z
&
VPEPLPEOPEOPLPLP PS
Resumes
Fig. 9, Entity Tagger Accuracy
BASIC DETAILS EXTRACTOR (PHONE NUMBER, EMAILS,
PROFILES, EXPERIENCE)
&
g 2
F
<
LAPP POPPE OS PP PEE
Resumes
Fig. 10. Education Details Extractor Accuracy
8
ITM Web of Conferences 56, 04001 (2023) https://doi.org/10.105 1/itmeonf/20235604001
ICDSAC 2023
5 Conclusion and Future Work
The proposed resume screening model is capable of extracting critical information from
resumes and CVs. Our strategy is to make the recruitment process easier and more efficient
for both enterprises and individuals. The procedure will reduce the need for physical labour
and human resources, making it more efficient. As a result, the hiring process takes less
time and costs less money, The information obtained can be utilised to create applicant
profiles that meet the organization's needs. The model can parse the details of English
resumes. The extraction could be expanded to more languages in the future. The model
must be enhanced in order to achieve more accuracy in areas such as the candidate's
experience.
References
1. D. Cer, Y. Yang,S. Y. Kong, N. Hua,N. Limtiaco, R. S. John, N. Constant,M.
Guajardo-Cespedes, S. Yuan, C. Tar, Y. H. Sung,Universal sentence encoder (arXiv
preprint arXiv:1803.11175, 2018).
2. S. Bhor, H. Shinde,V. Gupta, V. Nair, M. Kulkarni,Resume parser using natural
language processing techniques, Int J Res Eng Sci (IJRES), (2021)
3. S. Sonar, B. Bankar,Resume parsing with named entity clustering algorithm. SVPM
COE,(2012).
4. §S. Sanyal, S. Hazra,S. Adhikary, N. Ghosh,Resume parser with natural language
processing, International Journal of Engineering Science, (2017)
5. A. Schiller. Knowledge Discovery from CVs: A Topic Modeling Procedure, (2019)
6. N. Monaikul, G. Castellucci, S. Filice, O. Rokhlenko,Continual learning for named
entity recognition, InProceedings of the Thirty-Fifth AAAI Conference on Artificial
Intelligence, (2021)
7. Z. Liu, F. Jiang, Y. Hu,C. Shi, P. Fung,NER-BERT: A Pre-trained Model for Low-
Resource Entity Tagging, arXiv preprint arXiv:2112.00405.,(2021)
8. J. Yu, B. Bohnet, M. Poesio,Named entity recognition as dependency parsing, arXiv
preprint arXiv:2005.07150., (2020)
9. P.K. Roy, S. S. Chowdhary, R. Bhatia, A Machine Learning approach for automation
of Resume Recommendation system, Procedia Computer Science, (2020)
10. A. Lad, S. Ghosalkar, B. Bane, K. Pagade and A. Chaurasia,Machine Learning Based
Resume Recommendation System, International Journal of Modern Developments in
Engineering and Science, (2022)
11. I. Ali, N. Mughal, Z. H, Khand, J. Ahmed, G. Mujtaba,Resume classification system
using natural language processing and machine learning techniques, Mehran
University Research Journal Of Engineering & Technology,(2022)
12, M. F. Mridha, R. Basri,;M. M. Monowar, M. A. Hamid, 4 Machine Learning Approach
for Screening Individual’s Job Profile Using Convolutional Neural Network. \EEE
International Conference on Science & Contemporary Technologies (ICSCT) (2021)
9