. | aN e e
fox Mikaela Davies
rn, Architect
as x co SS 9 Wall St, New York, 10005, USA
ANB) N, att eh 890-555-0401 - example@email.com
Linkedin, Profile
Make this Resume $2,95,
Resume Guide “A professional, creative and innovative Architect with 10 years experience. I
provide best-fit architectural solutions for 5 projects a year with an average
Date / Place of birth budget of $10 million Technology consultation assisting in de ining scope and
sizing of work, support opportunity identification and pursuit processes are the
1989/20/03, New York essential parts of my role as an Architect. I have professional communication
Nationality skills to interact with all levels of management and clients”.
American
Employment History
Driving license . . .
i : Senior Architect, Equifax, New York
Fu February 2015 — Present
Skills As an Architect, Iam a creative and innovative problem-solver. My primary focus
, is to realize the vision or our clients.
Creative . . a,
| - Assist the client with review and approval of contractor’s submittals.
Effective communication - Apply knowledge of relevant International Regulations regarding the design
Reliable of projects
Attention to detail . Perform operational support and analysis for an assigned area
- Participate in the development of specifications, policies, and procedures
Analyst for the assigned area
Innovative « Ensure that architectural design work is organized with project staff
Problem-solving 7 Apply engineering disciplines by keeping clear and frequent communication
- Review projects to ensure that applicable codes, standards, and procedures
; are followed and that quality is satisfactory
Hobbies | | * Provide oversight in the development of required project scopes and cost
Reading, walking, cooking estimates for construction contract purposes
« Prepare estimates for fees and construction contracts
+ Provide technical and administrative guidance to colleagues in preparing
construction drawings and specifications
« Seek new work by marketing and giving presentations
- Prepares and provide high-level briefs to senior leadership
Architect, Planate Management Group, New York
April 2009 — February 2015
Under the supervision of the Senior Architect, I created and implemented 20
innovative high-quality solutions per year. I led and participated in 3 sales
projects per month (projects with a budget of up to $2 million) and met 2 potential
clients a month.