Aurora Cisneros Aller
Peasant, born in Quintana del Castillo, Spain
on the 18th of February, 1952
| oe Personal Profile
an Ns, Multi-skilled agricultural professional, with a long-standing
te eo Wee N . . . es
eo 5 history of local leadership that cultivates a spirit of research;
& of yet Yoo experimentation and excellence, while acting as a catalyst for
iy | pre | # collaboration and exchange of knowledge for the regeneration
3 er A of the agrarian society.
| fos Intellectually proactive, motivated and encouraging, she is always
| Pag ‘ \ . . : 7
} 4 i frp alert to unforeseen discovery of new resources, and understands
AMS serendipity as a form of dialogue with the world.
Professional Targets Responsibilities and duties
To keep family farming in fall * To conduct cutting-edge research to find well-founded
operation. solutions to the new economic challenges arising from the
. , liberalisation of the markets and the commodification of cereals.
To develop strategies to survive the
current processes of depeasantization of * To develop pioneering techniques for the defense of the rights
farming. of the small- and medium-sized producers, aiming to achieve
To gain negotiating power with respect a qualitative leap in terms of autonomy and local sovereignty.
to th izations that limit the. ri ee .
vomnmentalication of helt pro ducts. * To avoid biodiversity loss and safeguard natural. heritage
through the conservation and use of native seeds, which do
not endanger human health and guarantee animal welfare.
* To undertake collective management of woodlands, prevent
fires and keep forested areas safe through the use of traditional
Areas of expertise techniques based on an efficient use of resources and in
Applied Agriculture and Livestock Farming communal land management.
Observational Astronomy * To make sure that economic operators comply with legislation
; and guarantee fair and equitable practices in the food trade.
Applied Meteorology and Climatology
Edaphology and Soil Preservation
Forestry and Woodland Conservation Skills
Bromatology and Food Processing * Building and maintaining food production systems that
| guarantee the future of the coming generations and secure their
Human Resources . . :
well-being and quality of life.
Health . . ws
* Advocating for community colloquy ensuring intra- and
intergenerational solidarity and reinforcing social cohesion.
+ Demostrating resolve to understand the reasons that lie
behind the rural crisis and spare no effort to propose bottom
up solutions, without losing heart every time her proposals are
Education: High School diploma ignored.
Internet Use: Medium to high level * Maintaining an ongoing dialogue with the Administration,
Affiliations: Bobbin Lacemakers with the required patience and self-control.
Association «El Nifio» ; ae . Coe ;
7 * Diversifying the sources of income by working in the service
Hobbies: Hiking and Pilates sector, including rural tourism.