Jessica CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ® (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com
Summary
Versatile finance and accounting professional with 15 years of experience and proficiencies in financial reporting and analysis. Well-.
versed in updating and standardizing controls and streamlining procedures to increase productivity and reduce errors. Superior
account management and reconciliation skills leading to achievement of desired results.
Skills
¢ Monthly and Annual Journal Entries e Report Preparation
¢ Problem-Solving * Relationship Building
* Accounting Procedures Validation « Financial Projections
« Account Reconciliation * Accounting Software Systems
e Accounting Policy and Control e Documentation and Reporting
e GAAP Accounting Practices e Customer Service
* Financial Reporting * Process Improvement
* Verbal and Written Communication * Regulatory Compliance
¢ Decision Making * Financial Statement Review
« Accounting Records Analysis e Revenue Forecasting
* Financial Statements Review * Cost Reduction
* Information Systems Examination * Mathematical Calculation and Reasoning
e Document Recordkeeping ¢ Process Improvements
Experience
Accountant , 10/2013 to Current
Banner Health - Tucson, AZ
* Examined budgetary and proprietary financial statements to review appropriations financial performance.
e Prepared monthly and year-end closing financial statements
e Examined budget estimates for completeness, accuracy and conformance with procedures and regulations.
¢ Summarized and interpreted current and projected Us Marine Corps Appropriation financial position for other managers.
« Conducted statistical analyses to determine trends and significant changes and wrote narrative reports explaining findings.
¢ Monitored budgetary and proprietary financial statements to evaluate financial performance.
e Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures, and correct problems with digital accounting files.
* Analyzed monthly Appropriation budgeting and accounting reports to maintain obligations and expenditure controls.
* Interacted with internal and external auditors to help complete audits and resolve issues.
e Conducted financial analysis and research to advise Military management on forecasting decisions.
e Summarized and interpreted current and projected appropriation financial position for other managers.
* Interacted with internal and external auditors to help complete audits and resolve issues.
* Led the effort of Internal controls testing of processes and accounting policies to maintain and strengthen internal controls.
¢ Created, reviewed, and updated Standard Operating Procedure manuals, ensuring latest processes were captured.
e Collaborated with peers to meet strategic objectives.
* Participated in and contributed to meetings by sharing concerns and ideas for improvements.
* Created, reviewed, and updated Journal Voucher Guidance White Papers, ensuring current laws, regulations and guidance are
followed.
Accountant - Leader in Motion Development, 03/2010 to 10/2013
Department Of Defense Finance And Accounting Service — City, STATE
« Accepted into and successfully completed the Agency's highly competitive Leadership Development Program (Leaders in
Motion)
* Completed several six month rotations in various departments throughout the agency to gain a broad understanding of the
financial operation
* Observed confidentiality rules in job duties to improve overall data integrity and meet regulations.
* Maintained current understanding of federal accounting procedures to prevent legal or compliance issues.
« Supported Agency initiative projects by coordinating files, preparing deliverables and updating tracking spreadsheets.
e Demonstrated critical and strategic thinking developed from working on different tasks and projects.
* Provided assistance to lead accountant and learned steps involved for month-end and Year-end closing.
* Assisted with smooth preparation of monthly journal entries and accounts reconciliation.
* Assisted with end-of-year accounting and internal audit processing.
Accountant/Associate Business Manager, 08/2007 to 02/2010
Washington Group International — City, STATE
« Compiled timely business reports, prepared presentations and updated and maintained electronic records with absolute
accuracy.
® Worked closely with customers, internal teams, vendors and suppliers to deliver on high-profile, complex projects.
* Collaborated and built trust within organization and with customers, meeting or exceeding expectations.
¢ Improved tocls to enable better tracking and business analysis.
e Compiled and reviewed financial results and project plans to communicate to Vice President of Finance.
« Analyzed financial data to determine efficient use of resources.
* Reported on project financial performance metrics to evaluate ROI, Day's Sales outstanding, and Return on Capital Employed
per project.
* Used variety of financial software packages to produce finance and accounting reports.
Education and Training
MBA: Accounting , 05/2009
Indiana Wesleyan University - Marion, IN
e Cum laude graduate
BBA: Finance, 12/2005
Kent State University - Kent, OH
Certifications
* Lean Six Sigma GreenBelt Certification, Defense Finance & Accounting Services - 2012