JESSICA CLAIRE
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com
OOOO _ PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Over 7 years” experience in grants accounting, account administration and account management with experience working with vendors and
employers in the United States and overseas. Experience dealing with account systems and financial documents in English and Arabic.
=_SaaaH]papT OO EFEX J)Y,_YWLlJHo——,
« MS Office Suite ¢ Budget analysis
« Grants account and management * Superior attention to detail
¢ General ledger entry, tracking an review * Strong communication skills
« Data trending knowledge e Advanced bookkeeping skills Invoice coding familiarity
—.J Jao Work Hstorv OH
Accountant, 06/2013 - Current
Anoka County, Mn — Anoka, MN
© Preparing and uploading journal entries for monthly cash actual and received grants for cultural office related expenses (e.g., office
expenses, students’ health coverage expenses, translation expenses, etc.)
« Processing and sending monthly reports to finance department in Doha-Qatar to explain grants status, expense type, bank statement,
remaining cash and budget needed for incoming fiscal year.
* Reviewing monthly field office operating expense reports for accuracy and compliance with assigned budgets.
* Reviewing all expenses and identifying not allowable expenses and providing recommendations and reports to supervisors and cultural
Attache.
* Preparing, submitting, and following up on wire transfers and direct deposits made to vendors.
¢ Maintaining data integrity of all financial transactions submitted to vendors and providing updates and clarifications to supervisors, finance
department and auditors.
« Collecting appropriate expense documentation in English and Arabic and entering information into system, general ledger and database.
« Collaborating with Field Finance Managers from Doha-Qatar on expense inquiries, supporting materials, grants, processed wites to
vendors, expense allow-ability, policies, and additional awards.
« Reconciling business advance accounts monthly and closing accounts when completed and required by grants.
« Suggesting allowable budget line items changes to comply with funder regulation and budget requirements.
* Providing Analysis and review awards requirements to comply with both employer and funder regulations.
Accounting Administrator, 2010 - 06/2013
Barr Engineering — Grand Rapids, MI
* Maintained and update spreadsheets with incoming invoices, contracts and awarded grants.
© Coordinated with other departments to verify information and transactions.
« Contacted vendors in US and in the field as necessary to inquire on billing, ask for documents .
« Managed petty cash and cash advance provided to staff.
« Kept management informed of area activities and of any significant problems.
© Attended and participated in meetings as required.
—_——— TTY ——-. Epeecaticon -,-,_ WHT
Master of Science: Electrical and Computer Engineering, 2008
New York Institute of Technology
Bachelor of Science: Software Engineering, 2006
Almansour University College
ss TT LANGUAGES! OO.
« English - Fluent
« Arabic - Native