JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
— Tm TTT SELLY
A highly resourceful professional with over 11 years of experience in both civilian and military government financial management with the
ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Easily adaptable to different environments, strategies, and
technologies with strong analytical, prioritization, organizational and time management skills. Experienced with General Accepted Accounting
Principles (GAAP) and intemal control requirements,
Sa TTT OSS 8—O
« Communicating Strategically « Account reconciliation
¢ Clear Writing Through Critical Thinking * Year-end close
© Microsoft Excel e A/P and A/R
© Managing Multiple Projects e Customer relations
¢ Quantitative Research Methods « Adobe software proficiency
« Regulatory Compliance e Analytical research
ss TT TT EXPRENCE 2 HHL
Accountant, 04/2016 - Current
Apptopia — Boston, MA
¢ (VBA) Regional Offices in the application of accounting and financial reporting, accounting policy, standards and procedures to assure
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and published accounting and financial management policy and directives.
¢ Experience with federal accounting principles (theories, practices, methods, and techniques), financial reporting, internal control
requirements, and the ability to administer/perform professional accounting work related to financial activities of VA through the
application of Agency directives, OMB Circulars, GAO guidance, Treasury requirements, and Public Law and legal actions that effect
payroll.
« Research, review, and analyze complicated inquiry requests from vendors, veterans, and Federal Employees to determine proper
resolutions methods that are in-line with the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Act (IPERA), Debt Improvement Collection
Act and all other Veterans Affairs Regulatory guidance.
¢ Develop, implement, install, and test new procedures that enhance Regional Office staff daily operations ensuing effective time
management and process flow.
« Assist field stations in ensuring all transactions are processed in accordance with VA Regulatory guidance.
« Apply analytical skills to identify discrepancies on daily transactions administered by field stations resulting in accurate and timely
payments to both Veterans and Attomeys.
* Administer training to Regional Office staff on accounting systems, procedures, policy mandates and internal controls.
* Responsible for reconciling Monthly Trial Balance Reports in accordance with the Treasury Financial Manual for nine VBA Regional
Offices.
« Reviews and determines correct accounting transactions required for processing transactions on accounts receivable and accounts payable.
¢ Prepared and input a variety of inter-fund transfer documents including but not limited to, expenditure, revenue and inter-station transfers.
« Reviews monthly trail balances for validity of reported items to include budget object and revenue source codes, reports discrepancies
found and takes corrective action when necessary.
¢ Conducts analyses and provides recommendations on accounting and financial reporting problems, while aiding with inquiries through
both written and verbal communication.
Verifies totals, identifies pending items, follows ups with originating stations, vendors, and initiates proper corrective action.
¢ Process payment vouchers, invoices and canceled payments which incorporates all actions required to research, track, record, re-issue
payments and repost the data.
* Ensure receivables were actively reviewed and closed properly when funds or other instructions are received.
Systems and Procedures Analyst, 06/2015 - 03/2016
Department Of Veterans Affairs — Bay Pines, FL
* Audited Individual Retirement Records (IRR), and payroll master records to ensure compliance and accuracy while providing guidance on
any corrections needed.
« Assisted field station payroll, personnel and accounting offices in resolving and analyzing unusual situations and problems to include
litigations.
e Analyzed, planned and recommended both operational and system enhancements to facilitate procedures that monitor, evaluate problems,
solve and develop new methods or process to enhance functions within Payroll.
* Conveyed results of statistical analysis both orally and written to various levels of station personnel and other agencies such as Office of
Personnel Management (OPM), Social Security Agency (SSA).
Systems and Procedures Analyst, 03/2014 - 06/2015
Department Of Veterans Affairs - Chicago, IL
* Provided a wide variety of customer service to include but not limited to; financial systems troubleshooting, researching and developing
enhancement procedures, resolving isolated issues and providing hands on user guide assistance in an accurate and timely matter through
oral and written communication while maintaining a good customer rapport for the VA Time and Attendance System (VATAS) project.
* Performed as a member of the Report and Analysis Team which was solely responsible for all reports pertaining to the VATAS Tier 1
helpdesk.
* I was an integral part of a team that maintained all 350,000 files of VA employees ensuring that leave and pay issues were resolved
efficiently.
« As amember of this team, I implemented processes to utilize report analysis and system configurations to correct errors to correct leave
and pay issues prior to reaching the employee.
* Provided consultative and test support for applications, affected end users, and financial management programs to resolve system issues
and implement improvements. .
¢ Examples are system software testing for VATAS system improvement and enhancements which require research and resolution.
¢ Validated multiple training materials to include TMS courses and implemented cohesive training within my team.
« Analyzed data from VA Policy, Defense Civilian Pay System (DCPS), Personnel and Accounting Integrated Data System (PAID), Office
Finance Management Reports (OFMR), Roger Software Development (RSD) and Public Law 101 to develop, execute and organize task to
meet routine or emerging deadlines and provide recommendations to correct any deficiencies as well as improvements to improve overall
work quality, with minimal to no supervision.
¢ Provided hands on assistance to all VA payroll offices by traveling to set locations and providing step by step instructions to troubleshoot
and oversee VATAS system enhancements while utilizing my experience in automated payroll systems and accounting principles.
¢ Developed several standard operational procedures for VATAS Tier One help desk to aid in the overall daily procedures and research
methods.
° Actively used and demonstrated the ability to apply accounting techniques and methods to multiple payroll financial systems which
allowed me to conduct research inquiries and resolve pay issues.
Accounting Technician, 02/2010 - 03/2014
City Of Antioch — Antioch, CA
¢ Served as a member of the resolution team where J provide courteous and professional analysis that determine appropriate solutions and
troubleshoot inquiries due to my thorough and detailed working knowledge of Financial Management System (FMS), Online Certification
System (OLCS), Document Management System (DMS), and the Vendor Inquiry System (VIS).
* Provided functional as well as technical support for all applicants in the Financial Management System including accounts payable,
accounts receivable, and purchasing; as well as other government agencies as it relates to commercial payment handling, internal and
external operating systems.
* Researched, reviewed, and analyzed complicated inquiry requests from vendors, veterans, and Federal Employees to determine proper
resolutions methods that are in-line with the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Act (IPERA), Debt Improvement Collection
Act and all other Veterans Affairs regulations.
¢ Processed an array of payments and transactions to include, but not limited to Certified vouchers, Expenditure Transfers, Journal Vouchers,
Payment Vouchers, Tax Levy, Certified payments, Bill of Collections, Letters of Indemnities, Credit offsets, Treasury Charge Backs,
Freedom of Information Act Request, Public Vouchers, Unavailable Check Cancelations, Check Tracers and Matched ordered payments.
* Audited obligations to reconcile variances and ensure that they are in compliance with GAAP and the Prompt Payment Act.
e Reviewed and analyzed all information relating to the establishment of all debts, to include initiating, collecting, and corresponding
communications with debtors; some examples would be, debt reconciliations due to wrong payee, and over payments which result in either
2 bill of collection, payment plans, or expenditure transfer.
* Processed transactions in Financial Management System (FMS) to cancel or reissue rejected EFT payments by analyzing and researching
the Vendor tables in FMS along with the Treasury Inquiry Check System (TICS).
e Examined vouchers, invoice claims, and other requests for payment for goods or services by vendors provided to or by the Government.
* Resolved discrepancies, and or prevent emerging issues for a full range of vendor file situations, by utilizing such programs as; Integrated
Funds Distribution Control Point (IFCAP), FMS Automated Input System (AIS), Document Management System (DMS), Treasury Inquiry
Check System (TICS) and System for Acquisition Management (SAM).
¢ Maintained and processed weekly reports to capture interest accrued on commercial payments for the Financial Services Center.
¢ Daily operations required the use of, but were not limited to the following FMS tables: DXRF, VEND, UPVT, CRLT, ARHT, ARLT,
RCLA, OBLH, OBLH, VXRF, VDDT, CHKH, CHKL, EFTH, EFTL, PVL2, PVLT, IVCH, TSCL, and CXLT.
_ Educarnion ann TRANG
Bachelor’s Degree: Management/ Accounting, 2013
Park University - Austin, TX
Associate Degree: General Studies, 2009
Central Texas College - Killen, TX
— oo ACCOMPLISHMENTS. _-J)7P,HJNYNY})}N,N7Y[}YyY}[}77,7J.7}7}7.,/WW2H-A—HW—
* Fixed Assets Keys to SGL and FMS Auditing Quantitative Research Methods Ethics of Accountants Cost Accounting Awards: Veteran
Affairs 2012 — On the Spot Award — “Your efforts enabled FSC to make over one million timely, accurate, commercial vendor payments
annually to over 32,000 commercial vendors for VA goods and services.
¢ While paying 680,000 invoices so far in FY 2012, FSC slashed late payment interest penalties by 34 percent over FY 2011 while earning
97 percent of all discounts offered for early payment.
© Military Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal Global War on Terrorism Service Medal Army Good Conduct Medal National
Defense Service Medal Utilized VA Applications: Vendor Query Financial Management System (FMS) Bills for Collection Portal Audit
Recovery Portal SQL Launcher Rogers Software Development (RSD) Document Management System (DMS) Online Certification System
(OLCS) 1184 Application SnapShot Web Veteran Health Information System and Technology Architecture Integrated Funds Control
Distribution, Accounting Activity Procurement Computer Assisted Payment Processing (CAPPS) Personnel and Accounting Integrated
Data System (PAID) Defense Civilian Payroll System (DCPS) Office Finance Management Reports (OFMR) Customer Relationship
Management (CRM) Financial Report System Financial Content Management FMS General Ledger and Proforma 1FAMS.