Jessica CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ® (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com
Professional Summary
IL 60130 Goal-focused Accountant with record of accurate reporting and budget management. Offering 4 years of experience
handling finances for 2 locations. Processed payroll, reports, audits, journals, expenditures and payments. Diligently maintains latest
training on tax regulations and legal issues impacting financial operations.
Skills
e Account reconciliation specialist ° Invoice Coding Familiarity
e Tax Accounting Specialization * Excellent Managerial Techniques
Work History
Accounting Manager, Audit, 07/2020 to Current
Tax Accounting Ireland Ltd — City, STATE
Tax Accounting Ireland Ltd is an accounting practice in Dublin, Ireland. I held a managerial role in this position which consisted of
preparing personal and company accounts, performing audits, training and managing staff, monitoring tax deadlines and liaising
with directors on all office matters.
* Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.
* Gathered data on taxable income, deductibles and allowances for tax preparation.
¢ Helped clients navigate interactions with tax authorities.
e Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.
* Drove client satisfaction by identifying maximum adjustments, deductions and credits.
¢ Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.
¢ Prepared and filed state and federal tax forms for commercial and individual clients.
* Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.
* Monitored 3-employee team while handling day-to-day accounting processes and financial accuracy.
¢ Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for preparation of annual forms.
Trainee Accountant, 06/2017 to 07/2020
DBA Accountants Ltd — City, STATE
DBA Accountants Ltd is a large accounting practice in Monaghan, Ireland. Here I gained experience in preparing and submitting tax
returns, company returns and audit testing. I was also assisted with training for junior employees.
¢ Interacted with clients and obtained cost and budget information to draft and manage accounts.
* Balanced reports to submit for approval and verification.
¢ Prepared straightforward tax returns and explained expected refund or income tax liability and due date for payment.
* Employed self-review and analytical review techniques to proactively identify fundamental errors.
* Gained knowledge of accounting principles and standards and general business practices to evaluate financial data and
transactions.
¢ Received, reviewed and verified validity and completeness of appropriation, accounting and financial data.
« Developed technical knowledge through combination of workplace learning and formal study.
Education
ACCA: Accountant, 2019
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants - Ireland
Bachelor of Arts (Honours): Accounting & Finance, 2017
Dundalk Institute of Technology - Ireland
This degree was a three-year course and provided the key skills to begin a career in accounting. It helped develop interpersonal
skills, working to deadlines and prioritizing assignments, time management, presentations skills along with many more.
Certifications
e ACCA - Association of Chartered Certified Accountants