PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Organized Accountant with 10.5+ years of managing accurate accounting information, tax return
&%. resumesample@example.com support, bookkeeping and corporate operations. Astute financial professional with keen eye for detail
and high level of integrity. Works well in large teams in corporate environments.
& (555) 432-1000 :
9 100 Montgomery St. 10th
: Floor
SKILLS WORK HISTORY
¢ Intuit QuickBooks specialist Aar Corporation - ACCOUNTANT
+ Account reconciliation specialist Fayetteville, NC + 03/2018 - Current
: involve coding reeilarity . Report to management regarding fi nances of establishment.
«Account Reconciliation + Establish tables of accounts and assign entries to proper accounts.
+ Develop, implement, modify, and document recordkeeping and accounting systems, making use of
Processes ‘ * current computer technology.
« Advanced Bookkeeping Skills c tet ed and t t : ti ith t rti
» General Ledger Accounting » Compute taxes owed and prepare tax returns, ensuring compliance with payment, reporting or
. other tax requirements.
. eee derstanding . revere marrtain, and analyze budgets, preparing periodic reports that compare budgeted costs
+ QuickBooks expert + Analyze business operations, trends, costs, revenues, financial commitments, and obligations, to
* Cost Report project future revenues and expenses or to provide advice.
+ Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.
EDUCATION + Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
* Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.
University of Maryland Global . Brought errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.
Campus ; + Identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts.
Maryland - 08/2022 - Enhanced budget administration by reviewing reports, leveraging knowledge to strengthen controls
_ . ; and improve transparency.
Master of Science: Accounting And - Improved efficiency of data collection, analysis and modeling to enhance practices and increase
Information Systems customer retention. ,
University of The District of . com pleted daily cash inetions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting,
Columbia cos and cash an . aning reconctiations. ular basis to identify areas in need of
Washington, DC + 06/2016 . ieeovemert ing structures and procedures on regular basis entify areas in need o
BBA: Accounting And Business * Documented cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
tdanagement + Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.
+ Conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate, partnership and $
corporation tax returns, FAS 109 provisions, and quarterly estimates prepared by associates.
» Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize
operational success.
» Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare
accurate forecasts.
+ Helped clients navigate interactions with tax authorities and legal concerns related to financial
matters.
Hines - STAFF ACCOUNTANT
Deerfield, iL » 07/2017 - 03/2018
» Prepare itemized statements, bills, or invoices and record amounts due for items purchased or
services rendered.
» Perform bookkeeping work, including posting data or keeping other records concerning costs of
goods or services.
+ Resolve discrepancies in accounting records.
+ Keep records of invoices and support documents.
+ Review compiled data on operating costs and revenues to set rates.
+ Verify accuracy of billing data and revise any errors.
+ Answer mail or telephone inquiries regarding rates, routing, or procedures,
» Estimate market value of products or services.
» Performed testing of audit areas for fixed assets and accounts payable
Hines - STAFF ACCOUNTANT.
Edina, MN + 04/2016 - 07/2017
- Verify accuracy of billing data and revise any errors.
+ Operate typing, adding, calculating, or billing machines.
+ Prepare itemized statements, bills, or invoices and record amounts due for items purchased or
services rendered.
» Review documents such as purchase orders, sales tickets, charge slips, or hospital records to
compute fees or charges due.
» Perform bookkeeping work, including posting data or keeping other records concerning costs of
services.
+ Keep records of invoices and support documents.
+ Resolve discrepancies in accounting records.
+ Contact customers to obtain or relay account information.
» Type billing documents, shipping labels, credit memorandums, or credit forms, using typewriters or
computers. :
+ Answer mail or telephone inquiries regarding rates, routing, or procedures.
* Track accumulated hours and dollar amounts charged to each client job to calculate client fees for
professional services, such as legal or accounting services.
+ Review compiled data on operating costs and revenues to set rates.
+ . Performed testing of audit areas for fixed assets and accounts payable.
Actua Corporation - Junior Staff Accountant
Tampa, FL = 12/2012 - 11/2015
» Managed complex finance projects under direction of senior management to meet deadlines and
budget limitations.
» Increased efficiency, support and documentation of accounting processes by creating detailed
schedules for journal entries.
+ Performed testing of audit areas for fixed assets and accounts payable.
+ Monitored indirect expenses and overall revenues to create documentation and allocation tables.
+ Prepared allocation tables for indirect expenses and revenue items.
» Completed compliance audits, sustaining compliance with Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act
of 1982.
» Reduced liabilities by accurately managing tax statements, mailings, journal entries, payments and
transfers.
+ Helped clients navigate interactions with tax authorities and legal concerns related to financial
matters.
+ Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for
preparation of annual 1095 forms.
+ Audited financial statements for multiple government agencies, conforming to Chief Financial
Office Act of 1990.
+ Prepared monthly and quarterly payroll taxes for high net worth clients.
+ Achieved compliance with audit standards and objectives by monitoring and upgrading accounting
practices.
+ Analyzed business operations, costs and revenue in balance sheet to project future revenue and
expenses