JESSICA CLAIRE
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Detail-oriented Accounting and Finance Professional with 6+ years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale
financial organizations. History working as part of financial team to manage diverse financial functions, tax management and reporting and
managing schedules, directing teams and overseeing closing processes. Well-versed in GAAP, ledger updates and report writing. Exceptional
interpersonal, communication and multitasking abilities. .
Sa TTT OSS 8—O
¢ Payroll Auditing ¢ Payroll Preparation
¢ Financial and Regulatory Consulting ¢ Software and Hardware Implementation
© Tax Liabilities e Server Management
e Effective and Professional Communication © SAP expertise
° Financial Statements * Budget Analysis
¢ Accounting Software Systems « MS Office Suite
*« GAAP Accounting Practices
OO _ Wore ASTOR IR
Accountant, 03/2022 - Current
Avx ~ Greenville, SC
© Gathered financial information from Grant agreements to prepare Grantee Contracts In SAP
¢ Working on State of Illinois Accounting systems and processes including SAP and HANA Reporting.
« Establishing detailed for accounting system NON-Federal grantor agencies.
* Establishing and maintaining associated cost centers, Monitoring expenditures through out life of grants and advising management in
necessary grant adjustments or grant extension requests.
* Preparing CODS(Contract Obligation Document)and Vouchers for grant agreements.
© Processing refunds according to state Guidelines.
* Preparing Monthly Reconciliations between obligations and Grant Vouchers to ensure there is no discrepancies.
¢ Reviewing accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement
¢ Decreased errors to near-zero in reporting and youchering and general bookkeeping.
¢ Reviewing Monthly Periodic financial reports submitted by grantees, Ensuring there are No discrepancies in amounts of vouchers,
* Decreased errors in Grantee budget administration by reviewing reports, leveraging knowledge to strengthen controls and improve
transparency. .
Financial Consultant, 03/2022 - Current -
Brightree — Madison, WI
« Assisting walk-in traffic with identifying financial needs and goals to provide customized solutions.
« Educating Management on various financial matters and providing professional recommendations on investment opportunities, products
and services based on each clients' individual needs.
* Consulting management as needed
Finance and Administration Manager, 08/2019 - 03/2022
University Of Colorado — Colorado Springs, CO
« Completed clerical and data entry tasks to optimize financial procedures.
« Updated daily transaction records to assist with payroll and billing administration.
* Reconciled accounts and investigated variances.
e Analyzed budgets, forecasts and current trends to support overall financial operations.
* Monitored and compiled data and reports to present to leadership.
* Produced Quarterly reports outlining latest financial information such as expenses, income and outstanding balances from Insurance
Companies.
« Checked payroll, vendor payments, commissions and other accounting disbursements for accuracy and compliance.
« Recruited, interviewed, hired and trained 10 employees and implemented mentoring program to promote positive feedback and
engagement.
© Prepared intemal and regulatory financial reports, balance sheets and income statements.
¢ Prepared cash flow projections, cost analysis and monthly, quarterly and annual reports.
« Resolved escalated Insurance payment issues, Brought Discrepancies to neat-Zero.
* Ensured timely Collections of AR which didn't exceed more than 30 days time frame.
© Prepared bi-weekly payroll for 10 employees and maintained all associated files
* Reconciled accounts and investigated variances
* Monitored and compiled data and reports to present to leadership
* Prepared and posted receipts and deposits to facilitate standard bookkeeping
* Updated daily transaction records to assist with payroll and billing administration
Accounting and Finance Intern, 09/2016 - 07/2019
Bae Systems —- Warrenton, VA
¢ Assisted with month-end closing processes and verified journal entries.
* Assisted with account reviews and preparation for account reviews.
¢ Developed and analyzed various budgets and performed financial statement analysis.
« Supported finance department payroll administration while monitoring reportable hours of 10 full-time employees.
* Gained knowledge of accounting principles and standards and general business practices to evaluate financial data and transactions.
« Reconciled company accounts for credit cards, employee expenses and commissions.
* Maintained accurate and complete documentation for financial department procedures to facilitate new employee training.
¢ Balanced and submitted financial reports for review and approval .
« Received, reviewed and verified validity and completeness of appropriation, accounting and financial data
« Gained knowledge of accounting principles and standards and general business practices to evaluate financial data and transactions
TF TTT EDtcasrion AH
B.S: Accounting And Finance, 03/2019
East West University - Chicago
* Dean's List Ist Semester
¢ University Scholarship Recipient
* Study Abroad: Melbourne Australia, Business.
A.A.S: Business
Cambridge International College - Melbourne
= ACCOMPLISHMENTS -OSCJ);F,,,NYYFYN}Y7}7}7.,.—--_—Y—
* Documented and resolved AR Issues which led to rermbursement.
e Supervised team of 10 staff members.
* Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.
¢ Generated 100% reduction in billing errors which led to revenue increase.
« Handled and resolved the largest Number of reporting discrepancies Within a month.