Jessica Claire
© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *%® (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com
PROFESSIONAL I'm an exceptionally professional, bilingual, self-motivated and ambitious individual. I'm high-energy,
SUMMARY personable, and an outgoing team player who has a collaborative work style.
SKILLS « Account Reconciliation « Monthly and Annual Journal Entries
* Business Operations Analysis * Cash Analysis
*« Personnel Recordkeeping Review « Processing Checks and Invoices
e Accounting Records Analysis * Business Operations and Forecasting
« Financial Reporting * Microsoft Office
* Financial Statements Review ¢ Teamwork and Coordination
« Reliability and Integrity Improvement ¢ Administrative Oversight
« = {ntuit QuickBooks e Financial Recordkeeping
« Discrepancy Reconciliation « Accruals
« Payroll Management « Employee Training
« Journal Entry Preparation « Journal Entries
« Financial Statements | « Balance Sheet
e Accounts Payable
WORK HISTORY ACCOUNTANT 10/2018 to 03/2027
Always Best Care | Flower Mound, TX
« Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.
« Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
* Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating
and cash and banking reconciliations..
e Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.
« Brought errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.
« Monitored 2 employee team while handling day-to-day accounting processes and financial accuracy.
« Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of
improvement.
« Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile
production operations and general ledger.
e Maintained up-to-date knowledge on permits, certificates and documents mandatory for government
departments.
* Documented cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
« Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced
software proficiencies.
VICTUAL ACCOUNTANT/OPERATIONS MANAGER 03/2011 to 06/2017
RAS IT Solutions | City, STATE
« Devised processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels.
* Formulated processes to improve assistance to virtual support groups, resulting in reduction of
downtime and financial loss.
« Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.
« Documented cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
« Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating
and cash and banking reconciliations.
« Enhanced budget administration by reviewing reports, leveraging knowledge to strengthen controls and
improve transparency.
« Setup and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize
operational success.
e Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.
« Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile
production operations and general ledger.
« Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare
accurate forecasts.
« Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.
« Monitored 10 employee team while handling day-to-day accounting processes and financial accuracy.
EDUCATION Bachelor of Business Management 05/2006
Burlington County College/Rutgers University, Camden, NJ