JESSICA PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
C L Al R E Experienced Accountant proficient in laws and procedures governing business operations, tax filings
and regulatory compliance. Handles detail-oriented work in methodical and organized fashion.
Leverages field expertise, resourcefulness and diligence to make positive impact on business
operations.
_ resumesample@example.com Seasoned Accountant bringing more than 10 years of experience directing accounting systems for
oo : diverse business groups. Industrious and cost-conscious with excellent project management abilities.
& (555) 432-1000 Goal-focused Accountant with record of accurate reporting and budget management. Offering 10 years
of experience handling all finances for 10 locations, including payroll, budgets, reports, audits,
Montgomery Street, San journals, expenditures and payments.
gy Francisco, CA 94105 Emerging accounting professional ready to develop career foundation with expanding operation.
, Dedicated to keeping records accurate and controls tight to meet all business needs. Systematic and
well-organized with strong attention to detail, mathematical acumen and GAAP knowledge.
Familiar with managing schedules, directing teams and overseeing closing processes. Well-versed in
GAAP, ledger updates and report writing. Exceptional interpersonal, communication and multitasking
abilities.
Adept at managing budgets, payroll, invoicing and all other general accounting functions. Instrumental
in keeping business operations fully compliant and working within budgetary guidelines. Fastidious in
tracking all expenses and reconciling accounts.
SKILLS WORK HISTORY
« Account reconciliation specialist A Helping Hand Homecare - Accountant
« Intuit QuickBooks specialist Houston, TX + 09/2019 - Current
° econ auilaie Management . Strengthened financial management processes to bring errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll
+ Financial modeling capability administration and general bookkeep mg. as , :
» ERP (Enterprise Resource . Helped clients navigate interactions with tax authorities and legal concerns related to financial
: matters.
. Comore » Planing + Com pleted daily cash functions like account tracki ng, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting,
Knowledge donating and all types of cash and banking reconciliations, ;
. Calculatin Liabilities . Conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate, partnership and $
« Advane ad Bookkee sing Skills corporation tax returns, FAS 109 provisions, and quarterly estimates prepared by associates.
«Account Rectnelllation » Prepared and filed 1040 and 1120 tax forms for commercial and individual clients.
Processes + Managed entire accounting cycle including gathering information, preparing documents, finalizing
. . F reports and closing .
" General Lager Aunty * Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize
Expertise S effectiveness of operations.
: - Analyzed and researched reporting issues to improve accounting operations procedures.
° he orice Suite » Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of
* Account Reconciliation Improvement. as P
- Bookkeeping . Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures each month.
+ Maintained up-to-date knowledge on permits, certificates and documents mandatory for
government departments. ;
EDUCATION » Filed tax returns and prepared governmental reports in compliance with strict standards.
+ Proactively researched technical tax issues related to consulting projects.
Raul Cepero Bonilla + Modified comprehensive financial reporting package to reflect growing organizational complexity.
Cuba - 07/2006 + Collected and arranged financial information and entered details into [Software] financial
management system.
Bachelor's + Improved efficiency of operations, including data collection, analysis and modeling, to enhance
os practices and increase customer retention.
Camilo Cienfuegos + Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare
Matanzas accurate forecasts. ,
6to Afio De Universisad: + Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for
Accounting preparation of annual 1095 forms.
+ Interviewed students to gather important tax-related information, including taxable income,
deductibles and allowance information.
» Accurately documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.
» Optimized and managed research and development spending through collaboration with key
business leaders.
+ Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.
+ Reconciled accounts and reviewed all materials, including surplus, income, expense data, net worth
and assets.
* Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax
guidelines.
» Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced
software proficiencies.
» Analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for corporate reporting.
+ Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile
production operations and general ledger.
- Drove client satisfaction by identifying maximum adjustments, deductions and credits.
+ Identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts.
A Helping Hand Homecare - Accountant
Phoenix, AZ + 08/2017 - 04/2019
+ Strengthened financial management processes to bring errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll.
“administration and general bookkeeping.
+ Helped clients navigate interactions with tax authorities and legal concerns related to financial
matters.
+ Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting,
donating and all types of cash and banking reconciliations.
» Conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate, partnership and $
corporation tax returns, FAS 109 provisions, and quarterly estimates prepared by associates.
+ Prepared and filed 1040 and 1120 tax forms for commercial and individual clients.
+ Managed entire accounting cycle including gathering information, preparing documents, finalizing
reports and closing books.
+ Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize
effectiveness of operations.
- Analyzed and researched reporting issues to improve accounting operations procedures.
» Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of
improvement.
+ Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures each month.
+ Maintained up-to-date knowledge on permits, certificates and documents mandatory for
government departments.
+ Filed tax returns and prepared governmental reports in compliance with strict standards.
+ Proactively researched technical tax issues related to consulting projects.
+ Modified comprehensive financial reporting package to reflect growing organizational complexity.
+ Improved efficiency of operations, including data collection, analysis and modeling, to enhance
practices and increase customer retention.
+ Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare
accurate forecasts. ,
+ Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for
preparation of annual 1095 forms.
+ Accurately documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.
+ Interviewed students to gather important tax-related information, including taxable income,
deductibles and allowance information.
» Optimized and managed research and development spending through collaboration with key
business leaders.
+ Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.
+ Reconciled accounts and reviewed all materials, including surplus, income, expense data, net worth
and assets.
+ Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced
software proficiencies.
» Analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for corporate reporting.
* Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile
production operations and general ledger.
+ Drove client satisfaction by identifying maximum adjustments, deductions and credits.
- Identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts.
Ascena Retail Group - Manager
Nashua, NH = 10/2016 - 12/2017
» Improved operational planning and business frameworks to enhance resource utilization and reduce
waste.
» Applied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team efficiency and
organize workflows to meet any daily demand.
+ Trained and guided team members to maintain high productivity and performance metrics.
+ Maintained team efficiency by strategically delegating daily activities, monitoring output and
rewarding positive contributions.
+ Boosted team member productivity by enhancing performance monitoring and instituting
motivational approaches.
* Reduced workflow inconsistencies by recruiting and hiring capable staff members.
Associated Clinical Laboratories, L.P. - Technical Assistant
Olean, NY + 04/2016 - 10/2016
+ Gathered, organized and distributed technical documentation.
+ Created support documentation that empowered and enabled user community to extend skills,
leverage system features and find resolutions to questions without intervention from support
team.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
+ Microsoft Office (10 afios o mas)
+ Cursos de Taxes Personales y Corporativos (2 afios)
+ Registered Behavior Technician (June 2020)