Jessica CLAIRE
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ® (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
Summary
Flexible bookkeeper/ accountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies.
Highlights
e Account reconciliations
e Accounts Payable/Receivable Complex problem solving
* Bank reconciliations Creative Problem Solving
* Budget analysis & preparation Effective time management
e Complex problem solving Excellent managerial techniques
« Cost accounting Multi-Task Management
* General ledger accounting Strong communication skills
* Periodic financial reporting expert Strategic planning
¢ Intuit QuickBooks specialist
e SAP
Accomplishments
¢ My professional accomplishments are in the area of gaining well rounded accounting knowledge about the business and
communicating how the bottom line is affect by decisions.
e I was part of a team that created, advised and implemented SAP in North America while working for Colgate.
e At other businesses I helped implement several different accounting software solutions.
Experience
Accountant, 08/2016 to 03/2017
Albertsons Companies ~ Ocean View, NJ
* Handled the day to day accounts payable, accounts receivable, monthly financial closing, work in process, and sales tax.
Co-Owner, 01/2007 to 08/2016
Marriott International — Dallas, TX
* Created a business plan to help preserve a historic landmark building and encourage economic development in Historic
downtown Rogers.
e Created from scratch Poor Richard’s Art (an artist co-op) and then purchased The Rabbit's Lair and turned it into a fabric & fiber
center that became one of the top 10 shops in America.
e Handled all day to day operations, finances, management of employees, strategic planning, and worked with City of Rogers to
help with beautification and implementation of events.
Owner, 11/2001 to 01/2007
Bruce Oakley Trucking —Beckley, WV
¢ EKP was created after I had my daughter and wanted a more stay at home job.
* It tured into a bookkeeping/accounting firm that had 7 employees and over 120 different business customers.
* BKP specialized in small businesses that needed a bookkeeper to come to their site and keep their accounting records up-to-date
and train them in the day-to-day accounting needs.
« BKP was sold ta Beall-Barclay is 2005, where I became the Business Development Manager.
Accounting Manager, 09/1999 to 06/2001
Spindrift — Cedar Rapids, IA
e Hanna's was a company that had grown so fast it needed process, procedures, and software to bring it up te speed.
* While I was there we implemented new software, audits, and inventory controls for the retail shops.
Cost Accounting Manager, 09/1997 to 09/1999
Bd (Becton, Dickinson And Company) — Irvine, CA
e My job was to implement SAP software.
« Starbuck's was going through their manufacturing processes and creating a cost accounting system.
* It was a fabulous job, [just found the Seattle gray days too hard.
Cost Accounting Manager, 06/1989 to 09/1999
Bd (Becton, Dickinson And Company) -- Miami, FL
* Ibegin as a cost-accountant for the Irish Spring portion of manufacturing at the Kansas City, Ks plant.
* It was a time of change, automation of the manufacturing process, and upgrading software to SAP.
¢ This is where I fell in love with accounting and helping the manufacturing team understand how it worked for them or against
them.
* During my time at Colgate, I was involved in the cost of unions, strikes, complete downsizing of administrative roles, different
‘general managers of the facility, and working with New York on monthly reports and annual budgets.
* Other projects included the creation of the Cost Accounting system and processes with the CPA firm hired to implement the
software,
¢ My counter-part and I flew up to NY each week to work on this and then flew back each Thursday to work on our regular jobs.
e Once SAP was up and running for Colgate, I was transferred to Hill's Pet Nutrition in Topeka, KS as the Cost Accounting
Manager to implement SAP.
Accounting Manager, 02/1985 to 01/1989
Spindrift - Omaha, NE
* Speaco Foods was a manufacturing facility (multi-state) that made vinegar, juices, hot sauce and mustard.
e It was a family owned business that I worked at all my summers during high school and college.
¢ Lworked in the manufacturing plants until I graduated college.
* Once I graduated college, I worked in the accounting department.
* Istarted in Accounts Payable, then receivables and then inventory control.
« My role in the accounting was to implement new software, train others, and get the inventory and cost accounting systems up
and running.
* Before I left Speaco Foods, I became the Accounting Manager.
Education
Bachelor of Science: Business Administration, 1985
University of the Ozarks - Clarksville, AR
Business Administration Affiliations Main Street Rogers
Skills
Account reconciliations, accounting, accountant, Accounting Manager, accounts payable, accounts receivable, administrative, artist,
Art, automation, Bank reconciliations, bookkeeping, bookkeeper, Budget analysis & preparation, budgets, Business Development,
business plan, closing, Strong communication skills, Cost Accounting, CPA, Creative Problem Solving, fast, financial, financial
reporting, General ledger accounting, inventory, inventory control, managerial, manufacturing process, manufacturing processes,
problem solving, processes, QuickBooks, retail, sales, SAP, Strategic planning, tax, time management, upgrading