JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Detail-oriented Accountant with 25 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale financial organizations.
History working as part of financial team to manage diverse financial functions, tax management and reporting. Works closely with executive
management on complex mergers and acquisitions and divestitures. Adept at managing budgets, payroll, invoicing and general accounting
functions. Instrumental in keeping business operations fully compliant and working within budgetary guidelines. Organized Accountant with 25
years of managing accurate accounting information, tax return support, bookkeeping and corporate operations. Astute financial professional
with keen eye for detail and high level of integrity. Quality-driven 25 with proven record of excellent job performance. Manages projects at
each stage with diligent and attentive approach, carefully checking details, and testing assumptions. Skilled in training junior personnel in
principles and practices.
TTT oO Soaor__ SELL SO UYyc\_H
* Accounting Software Systems « Employee Mottvation
¢ Personnel Recordkeeping Review ¢ Teamwork and Coordination
© Audit Preparation e Worker Interviews
« Accounting Records Analysis © Clear Communication
* Attention to Detail e Files Maintenance
* Intuit QuickBooks * Administrative Oversight
* Inventory Verification ° Time Management .
« Joumal Entry Preparation * Goal Development
« Decision Making « Litigation Support
« Judgement and Decision Making * Transaction Recording
¢ Payroll Management © Task Prioritization
© Verbal and Written Communication © Service-Oriented
¢ Monthly and Annual Joumal Entries « Advanced Mathematics
¢ Effective and Professional Communication * Accounting Terminology
* Microsoft Office ¢ Team Development and Building
¢ Payroll Auditing ¢ Database Maintenance
* Accounts Payable © Data Analysis
« Report Preparation © Paperwork Processing
« Positive Team Player ¢ Relationship Development
« Account Reconciliation * Business Intelligence
¢ Relationship Building ¢ Employee Training
* Flexible and Adaptable * Active Leaming
¢ Critical Thinking and Analysis ° Sage 50 Accounting Software
« Reliability and Integrity Improvement e Work and Task Scheduling
« Processing Checks and Invoices ¢ Financial Information Systems
— _ Work Hs TORY
Accountant, 10/2018 - 09/2020
Atum — Newark, CA
* Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.
* Documented cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
« Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating and cash and banking
reconciliations.
* Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.
e Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.
* Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of intemal reports and to reconcile production operations and general ledger.
¢ Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.
* Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
« Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement.
¢ Gathered data on taxable income, deductibles and allowances for tax preparation..
* Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced software proficiencies.
* Brought errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.
* Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize operational success.
¢ Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.
¢ Prepared and filed state and federal tax forms for commercial and individual clients.
¢ Identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts.
* Improved efficiency of data collection, analysis and modeling to enhance practices and increase customer retention.
¢ Maintained up-to-date knowledge on permits, certificates and documents mandatory for goverment departments.
Accountant, 10/2016 - 10/2018
Atum ~ Newark, CA
¢ Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books..
¢ Documented cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
* Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating and cash and banking
reconciliations.
¢ Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.
© Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.
« Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of intemal reports and to reconcile production operations and general ledger.
¢ Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.
* Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
* Identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts.
« Prepared and filed state and federal tax forms for commercial and individual clients.
¢ Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.
Accountant/Assistant Auditor, 01/2016 - 12/2016
Burger And Comer P C -- City, STATE
¢ Drafted findings and recommendations into detailed reports.
* Prepared year-end journal entries to prepare for annual audit.
© Prepared balance sheets.
* Performed analysis and research to compile data to submit to auditor for special projects.
¢ Provided administrative and management assistance to auditor and directed activities in office.
¢ Detected intemal control deficiencies and suggested corrective measures.
¢ Performed standardized tests to check processes and adequacy of internal control structure.
© Supervised assigned accounting staff to evaluate performance and maintain stand
(Note)* Accounting firm Transition and merged to another Accounting firm in 2016
« Supervised assigned accounting staff to evaluate performance and maintain standards.
Accountant, Bookeeper, Assistant Auditor, 02/1997 - 12/2015
J. Scott Magliari & Company, CPA — City, STATE
* Completed payroll for employees and maintained detailed records of procedures.
¢ Tracked expenses and income for businesses while organizing and maintaining bank statements for checking accounts.
* Verified accurate recordkeeping processes, reducing financial inconsistencies.
¢ Entered financial information and payments to guarantee accurate and on-time payments for employees and vendors.
* Supported operations by communicating with customers, filing documents and managing data.
Accountant, 10/2020 - 02/2022
Company Name — City, State
* Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
© Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed. books..
« Improved efficiency of data collection, analysis and modeling to enhance practices and increase customer retention.
¢ Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for preparation of annual 1095 forms.
* Enhanced budget administration by reviewing reports, leveraging knowledge to strengthen controls and improve transparency.
—_—.HJeo Epucation H.-H HSS WWrHRASRA
Bachelor of Science: Accounting, 10/1988
University of Pangasinan - Philippines