JESSICA CLAIRE
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
— Tm TTT SELLY
Efficient accounting professional with strong GAAP knowledge and data analysis expertise. Directed-person accounting team and maintained
timely operations in challenging environment. Effective prioritization and communications skills enabled positive outcomes. Results-oriented
Accountant with 8years of experience in accounting, Skills, and related settings. Quick and eager leamer with acute attention to detail and
consistent track record of identifying process improvements to drive quality, accuracy, and efficiency. Results-oriented Accounting Specialist
with financial analysis, strategic planning and budgeting expertise. Performed account reconciliations and company record maintenance for
medium-sized corporation. Accounting knowledge and team leadership skills led to achievement of desired outcomes. Motivated accounting
professional focused on maintaining accurate, compliant records and controls responsive to dynamic operating conditions. Detail-oriented and
methodical with excellent mathematical skills, GAAP expertise and IFRS knowledge.
TTT oO Soaor__ SELL SO UYyc\_H
* Lawson Financials « Budget forecasting expertise
« PeopleSoft ® Great Plains
* Tax return filing » Account reconciliation expert
® Tax Preparation ® Customer relations
« Payroll management * General ledger accounting
* Accounting and bookkeeping ® Payroll administration
* QuickBooks * General ledger entries
* Financial Management » Customer service
* Account reconciliation * general ledger
® accounting ® Invoicing
* Leadership » Spreadsheets
® Billing © Clinical Trials
—— TF TTT EXPERENCE OS
Accountant, 06/2017 - 12/2019
Amentum — Hawthorne, NV
« Identified operational processes inefficiencies and recommended necessary improvements.
« Kept financial records for operations representing more than in yearly revenue.
© Maintained accurate accounts for cash, fixed assets and other transactions..
* Monitored all company costs and presented budget forecasts each quarter.
¢ Assisted Accoiuntant with month-end and year-end close activities, including annual reporting.
¢ Delivered superior level of customer service to all small business clients.
« Analyzed financial statements and income statements to review company’s financial performance.
e Analyzed wills, insurance policies and corporate contracts.
¢ Established complete accounting structures, processes and controls to meet business requirements.
* Created detailed financial models and applied analytical tools to facilitate variance analysis.
Accounting Assistant, 08/2015 - 04/2017
Douglas Dynamics ~ Madison Heights, MI
« Managed daily bookkeeping functions with attention to accounts receivable, accounts payable, banking reconciliation and disbursements.
¢ Tracked employee time and attendance for payroll.
* Coordinated budget information by assessing estimated income and expenses as well as historical budgets.
* Posted financial data in Excel spreadsheets and managed inventory.
© Calculated taxes owed, prepared tax returns and made prompt payment to adhere with IRS regulations.
* Maintained account books and accounting systems with accuracy by entering data precisely and proofreading.
¢ Researched financial data and trends to coordinate monthly, quarterly and yearly budget planning.
« Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.
« Prepared weekly payroll for team of salaried and hourly employees.
« Maintained current understanding of state and federal accounting procedures to prevent any legal or compliance issues.
« Prepared payroll reports and examined payroll register to detect errors and improve accounting accuracy.
* Maintained process documentation for financial department operations.
HBL GLOBAL PVT LTD, 11/2011 - 06/2015
Accountant Executive — City, STATE
e Improved profit margins by streamlining operations and workflow and negotiating competitive vendor contracts.
« Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.
« Eamed reputation for good attendance and hard work.
* Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.
* Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
e Created agendas and communication materials for team meetings.
« Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.
* Supported department by compiling paperwork and taking detailed meeting minutes.
© Collaborated with others to discuss new type of opportunities.
« Answered 20 calls per day to answer customer questions.
¢ Delivered product to customer locations.
* Utilized different type of service to compile data gathered from various sources.
—_— . EDUCATION AND TRANG
MBA: Finance & Marketing, 06/2013
Narula Institute of Technology - KOLKATA WEST BENGAL INDIA
BBA: Accounting And Business Management, 11/2011
Wrest Bengal State University - Kolkata West Bengal India
Higher Secondary School: Accounting, 05/2008
West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education - Kolkata West Bengal India
Certification of Computer Accounting: Computational Finance & Accounting, 03/2013
Nistha Computer Education - Kolkata India