Jessica Claire
© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *%® (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com
PROFESSIONAL Growth Catalyst and Turnaround Architect who has repeatedly been promoted to lead strategic company
SUMMARY expansions that consistently drive revenue growth, improve operations and transform culture.
SKILLS « Audit Preparation « Intuit QuickBooks
*« GAAP Accounting Practices « Budget Forecasting Expertise
« Tax Liabilities ¢ Sage 50 Accounting Software
« Journal Entry Preparation « Account and Ledger Reconciliations
« Microsoft Dynamics * Accounts Payable and Receivable
* Proactive and Self-Motivated ¢ =©File Maintenance
« Precision and Accuracy ¢ Profit and Loss Accountability
e Microsoft Project * Budgeting and Allocation
« Microsoft Access « Tax Return Preparation
« Inventory Reconciliation « Bank Statement Reconciliation
* Microsoft SharePoint « Microsoft Excel
« Critical Thinking « Invoice Processing
« Microsoft PowerPoint « Microsoft Exchange
« Inventory Verification « Document Management
« Balance Sheets « Business Planning
« General Ledger Management « Cash Handling
« Vendor Record Management, * Word Processing
« Processing Checks and Invoices « Tax Planning
« Critical Thinking and Analysis « Expense Reports
« Financial Statements « Financial Forecasting
« Business Operations and Forecasting « Office Management
* Effective and Professional Communication ¢ Business Development
* Business Operations Analysis « Cost Analysis
« Inventory Assessments « Payroll Preparation and Processing
« General Ledger
WORK HISTORY ACCOUNTANT 03/2079 to CURRENT
Barry-Wehmiller | Sheboygan, WI
« Developed and initiated projects, managed costs and monitored performance.
*« Achieved project deadlines by coordinating with contractors to manage performance.
* Managed finance for projects under direction of the President to meet deadlines and budget limitations.
« Maintained payable email inbox and digitized invoices for processing.
« Generated and submitted invoices based upon established accounts receivable schedules and terms.
« Provided detailed product orders based on project drawings and technical specifications.
* Accelerated progress by continually reviewing performance, project budgets and project timelines.
« Updated operational methods and oversaw accounting procedures for improved efficiency.
« Identified plans and resources required to meet project goals, project budget and scope.
« Adhered to budget requirements with excellent planning and consistent expense monitoring.
« {dentified and suggested remedies for areas of improvement based on detailed daily reports and
analysis.
« Created detailed expense reports to facilitate reimbursement for business expenses incurred.
« Prepared and distributed employee reimbursement checks.
« Maintained complete documentation and records of all purchasing activities.
ACDOUNTANT 01/2001 to CURRENT
Barry-Wehmiller ] Spokane, WA
e Excellent communication and customer service liaison.
* Handled day-to-day accounting processes to drive financial accuracy.
*« Checked general ledger entries to increase accuracy, prevent significant errors and identify
adjustments.
« Gathered financial information, prepared documents and closed books.
« Created and introduced updated processes for accounts receivable sub-ledger and customer attribute
reporting.
* Monitored status of accounts receivable and payable to facilitate prompt processing.
« Documented cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
e Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.
« Prepared and filed tax forms to meet needs of company.
*« Communicated with suppliers to reconcile invoice payments.
* Managed vendor purchase order dispatch, delivery and invoicing to set contractual guidelines and
maintain budgetary regulations.
e Processed payroll by validating work hours and attendance of employees..
« Gained knowledge of accounting principles and standards and general business practices to evaluate
financial data and transactions.
« Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of
improvement.
« Maintained up-to-date knowledge on professional accounting standards to manage financial
recordkeeping.
ACOOUNTING ASSISTANT 10/2014 to 01/2017
Ignify | Greenville, NC
* Developed and implemented a tracking system that detected and reconciled delivered parts not
received in Epicor by the receiving department to corresponding invoices from vendors offering a 10%
discount when within paid within 10 days, saving the company over 2.5 million dollars in lost discount
« Compiled general ledger entries on short schedule with 100% accuracy.
e Matched purchase orders with invoices and recorded necessary information.
« Monitored status of accounts receivable and payable to facilitate prompt processing
« Maintained clean and organized files by keeping accounts payable records up-to-date.
« Used Epicor ERP software to prepare and complete weekly and monthly financial reports, providing
insight into performance, operations and cash flow
« Supervised daily bookkeeping operations with attention to accounts receivable, accounts payable,
banking reconciliation and disbursements.
« Reconciled account information and reported figures in general ledger by comparing to bank account
statement each month.
* Processed payments and documents such as invoices, journal vouchers, employee reimbursements
and statements. ,
* Created detailed expense reports to facilitate reimbursement for business expenses incurred.
« Complied with established policies and performed bank reconciliations, accounts payable/receivable,
invoicing, billing and profit and loss statements for 100 clients.
« Worked with management at project level to achieve expense plans.
« Suggested key budgetary changes to increase company profits.
« Managed accounting department through oversight of accounts payable/receivable, purchasing and
payroll activity.
EDUCATION MBA | international Business 03/2018
Keller Graduate School of Management, Smyrna, GA
« Member of The National Society of Leadership and Success
« Professional development completed in Online Business Course Instructor
BzChelor of Science | Technical Management / Entrepreneurship 05/2014
DeVry University, Downers Grove, IL
CERTIFICATIONS * Business Training -