JESSICA CLAIRE
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com
OOOO _ PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Capable Accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge of
accounting software and processes. Adept at managing budgets, payroll, invoicing and all other general accounting functions diligently.
Instrumental in keeping business operations fully compliant and working within budgetary guidelines. Fastidious in tracking all expenses and
reconciling accounts.
TF TTF TT TO SY, SELLS ._
« Data entry * Data collection and analysis
* Proficient in Sage * Intuit QuickBooks specialist
« ERP software e Account reconciliation
« General ledger accounting expertise e MS Office Suite
* Accounts payable and receivable * Strong communication skills
« Financial management * Oracle proficiency
« Invoice and payment processing « Superior attention to detail
* PeopleSoft expert
—.dJT—_—_JT———— Work Hstory es2S)N)Y)Y)YyYyYyY)Y)Y)y)y)N)dld>)})4ty)YSTSH
Accountant, 06/2019 - Current
Ametek, Inc. — Richmond, CA
* Maintain current understanding of state and federal accounting procedures to prevent any legal or compliance issues.
* Compiled financial data including compliant ledger and journal records.
e Answer office phone calls and emails to direct customers and answer questions.
« Issue 1099 Misc to vendors and submit them to IRS.
* Collect W-9s from vendors verifying tax Id.
® Minimize financial discrepancies by accurately managing bookkeeping, payroll and tax reporting procedures with zero errors.
« Track expenses and enter deposits into Microsoft Dynamics(NAV) while reconciling monthly bank accounts to verify accuracy.
¢ Mitigate risk, maintaining full compliance when executing and tracking bank reconciliations, A/P, invoicing, billing and collections for 200
employees.
« Verify, allocate and post transactions in journals and computerized systems from documents such as invoices, receipts, and reports.
« Issue paychecks to vendors and suppliers on a weekly basis.
* Reconcile ail bank and credit card accounts monthly.
« Report and file sales and use tax monthly.
« Initiate wires and ACH payments to vendors in a timely manner.
« Analyze financial statements and report to the controller.
© Prepare financial documents for audits and presents audit findings to upper management.
© Responsible for monthly financial reporting, cash management, corporate insurance, accounts payable/receivable, employee benefit
programs and payroll using GAAP.
* Month-End close processing for portfolio account to include journal entries and financial analysis.
* Design aspreadsheet model for diverse project and analysis tasks.
Accounts Payable Coordinator, 10/2017 - 06/2019
Mastec Inc. ~ Greenville, NC
* Matched invoices with purchase orders, audited for discrepancies and coded each according to general ledger standards.
« Assisted senior leadership by processing over 5000 documents, ensuring timely completion.
« Accurately tracked, verified and approved accounts payable invoices and total balances into financial software, conducting monthly
balance sheet reviews to reconcile variances.
¢ Supervised a team of 5 accountants, train employees on best practices and cultivating strong financial forecasting.
* Used Oracle and PeopleSoft to track all income and expenses for the company.
« Executed queries of large customer databases with SQL and provided reports on them as requested by upper management.
¢ Completed month-end closings, including preparing and inputting journal entries and reconciling accounts.
« Generated and submitted invoices based upon established accounts receivable schedules and terms.
Center Associate, 08/2015 - 09/2017
W.W. Grainger, Inc. —- Norcross, GA
¢ Processed customer transactions and applied appropriate fees.
* Answered phone calls to assist customers with questions and orders.
* Helped customer locate and select appropriate merchandise throughout store.
* Rectified discrepancies between accounting records and cash drawer by researching daily transactions to pinpoint issues.
« Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer service.
¢ Unboxed new merchandise and added to shelves in accordance with planograms and stock rotation policies.
* Provided gift wrapping and boxes for customers, made special orders and prepared packages for shipments.
« Kept check-out areas clean, organized, and well-stocked to maintain attractive store.
Accounts Receivable Specialist, 05/2013 - 06/2015
Alliant - Mukilteo, WA
e Analyzed loss reports and reviewed with senior management to measure overall portfolio performance.
« Interfaced with customers to bring accounts current with suitable repayment plans.
¢ Worked closely with delinquent account holders to collect and reconcile accounts through approved channels.
© Partnered with cash application team and credit manager on timely and accurate posting of remittances.
© Investigated billing discrepancies and implemented effective solutions to resolve concems and prevent future problems.
¢ Examined and processed chargeback notifications to customers for payment to avoid releasing debt to outside collection agencies.
« Performed various accounts receivable functions, including cash receipts posting, updating cash flow reports and researching chargebacks
and write-offs.
¢ Prepared financial and regulatory reports required by laws, regulations or boards of directors.
* Supplied detailed tax documentation needed to submit accurate corporate returns.
© Prepared month-end closing entries for detailed reporting and recordkeeping.
« Initiated payment recovery for overpayment.
« Assisted managers with the production of the monthly financials, management reports and board packages.
——————_-_——__. Eoucarioxs
Bachelor of Science: Accounting, 03/2017
University of Phoenix - Dallas, Tx
GPA: 3.59/4.0
MBA: Business Administration and Management
Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT
TT TT ACCOMPLEEXMENTS
¢ General Ledger AccountsMaintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued
expenses and line of credit transactions.
* Process ImprovementCreated new departmental procedures manual.
« Assessed organizational training needs.
e Eamed the outstanding Employee of the month 6 months in a row for documenting, redesigning and improving business processes.