Art Instructor
9 Saugus, MA SUMMARY
& 441-529-5757 —
Art Instructor with [number of years] experience of [top 2-3 skills]. Achieved {top achievement).
(4 camrenjacoss@emailcom Expert at [X], [¥] and [2].
SKILLS WORK EXPERIENCE
cat j - xe]
Fundraising & Fiscal Management January 2019- Art Instructor
ee January 2020 Acme Corp
© Design curriculum, organize events, handle inventory and pravide lesson plans
Program Design to children In differing age groups
= © Promote art appreciation and encourage less screen time based on a variety
of mixed art mediums, age groups, themes and genres
oo # Launched a mobile art program that offers special event services in 3 group
Team Building setting and an assortment of pre-packaged art activities to accompany
EEE children on the go
Volunteer
ES January 2018- Art Instructor
January 2019 Acme Corp
Video Creation © Collaborated with a co-instructor to prepare presentations highlighting
ee inftuential artists and art movements throughout history, and demonstrated a
variety of fine art techniques including monotype and relief printmaking,
acrytic painting, and sculpture.
© Received positive feedback from colleagues, students, and managing Professor
for my ability to make difficult concepts understandable and help students
improve grades on their exams.
January 2017- Art Instructor
January 2018 Acme Corp
© Maintain inventary of art materials and equipment,
© Work with yearly budget to prepare quates for each programming session and
reptenish items as needed. ;
e Consult with community patrons to determine interests and needs for visual
arts progcamming.
® Plan and coordinate with local artists to conduct workshops and exhibit work
during community festivals.
© Lead artist for public art projects to unite community through the visual arts.
« Plan and implement visual arts course curricula for early childhood, adult and
senior classes.
* Provide Insteuction, assistance and supervision to patrons during classes.
* Demonstrate proper use of materials and tools to ensure safety in the
classroom.
EDUCATION
August 2018- Art Instructor
May 2022 Ace University
August 2022+ Art Instructor Specialty Certificate
December 2022 Acme Career Program