CLAIRE PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Detail-oriented Accountant with 3 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for
7 , y y & 5
_ resumesample@example.com mid-scale financial organizations. History working as part of financial team to manage diverse
mo financial functions, tax management and reporting. Works closely with executive management on
& (555) 432-1000 complex business actions induding mergers and acquisitions and divestitures.
9 100 Montgomery St. 10th
: Floor
SKILLS WORK HISTORY
+ Financial Statements Review Us Oncology, Inc. - Accountant
* Processing Checks and Invoices Salem, VA + 09/2019 - Current
: Regulatory Compuance » Managed entire accounting cycle, including gathering information, preparing financial statements,
Flonibl and Mantabl finalizing reports and closing books.
7 exile ane Acaptane » Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
+ Problem Solving group g
. ‘ + Brought errors to near-zero in reporting general bookkeeping.
- Attention to Detail S . porsng gene Spine.
Mi ft Offi + .Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile
° Accounts Pa LL production operations and general ledger.
° Account Rev snciliation + Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, budgeting, and all types of cash and banking
. reconciliations.
: we ree are stems + Documented all cash, credit, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
5 ti y nn ourn + Raviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of
mines : improvement.
+ &ffective and Professional d effick f : induding d lecti lysis and i h
Communication . Improve efficiency o operations, in uding ata collection, analysis and modeling, to enhance
« Accounting Policy and Control practices and increase customer retention.
Fina ial | . t poatvsis onnra! + Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.
Modified cash baci y + Reconciled accounts and reviewed all materials, including surplus, income, expense data, net worth
ws “and assets.
. Staft ras Coordinati » Enhanced budget administration by reviewing reports, leveraging knowledge to strengthen controls
. Au ‘iting ne “ordination “and improve transparency. ;
° Intui tan ickBooks » Modified comprehensive financial reporting package to reflect growing organizational complexity.
. CINC + Drove client satisfaction by identifying maximum adjustments, deductions and credits.
+ Monitored 2-employee team while handling day-to-day accounting processes and financial accuracy.
- Lacerte } npioy' yangung day y Pp cy.
© SOL + Tracked financial progress by creating monthly, quarterly and yearly balance sheets.
ok ‘cwrosoft Office + Trained multiple employees for accounts payable
«Relationship Development » Managed invoicing and deposits for two subsidiary companies, Garden West Landscaping and
- Fluent $ rh a nd Community Maintenance services.
writ ee SPEa! vc a 1 + Kept up to date on amortization schedules for multiple loan accounts
rmns university leve * Translated financial statements from other pro management companies into our accounting
prope’ p
software CINC ;
EDUCATION + Kept track of multiple CD and CDARS accounts
+ Managed 89 HOA properties bank accounts which includes reserve banking
Arizona State University - Consolidated financial reports
Tempe, AZ + 05/2022 * ODAA
Bachelor of Science: Accountin Truepill - Customer Service Associate
: ¢ g
. Austin, TX + 02/2018 - 11/2019
Arizona Western College : . Secs .
Yuma Az - 05/2019 » Developed and actualized customer service initiatives to decrease wait times.
4 oct + Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer
Associate of Arts: Business needs and resolving concerns.
+ Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.
+ Resolved concerns with products or services to help with retention and drive sales.
+ Energized and motivated in performing sales floor activities including merchandising and selling.
* Boosted sales revenue by skillfully promoting diverse service options.
» Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.
» Collaborated with store management and program leadership to suggest actionable improvements
and corrective action plans.
+ Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.
+ Worked with OMNI online orders by tracking orders and conducting small audits of orders on hand
H@R Block, Inc. - Tax Preparer Assistant
Menominee, MI » 02/2018 - 06/2019
* Delivered comprehensive tax documentation required for accurate individual and corporate
returns.
+ Prepared wide array of returns such as corporate, fiduciary, gift, individual and private foundation
returns, ,
+ Reviewed clients tax filing papers thoroughly to determine eligibility for additional tax credits or
deductions.
+ Prepared tax returns, extensions, tax planning calculations and write-ups for all types of
organizations and entities, including individuals.
+ Conducted reviews of internal tax documentation, reducing errors related to missed tax benefits.
» Maintained complete records of client tax returns and supporting documentation in secured areas.
+ Completed and filed returns with tax departments at local, state and federal levels.
+ Conducted bank reconciliations through Quickbooks desktop and Quickbooks online for clients