JESSICA PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
C L Al R E Adept at managing budgets, payroll, invoicing and all other general accounting functions. Instrumental
in keeping business operations fully compliant and working within budgetary guidelines. Fastidious in
tracking all expenses and reconciling accounts.
Experienced Accountant/Human Resource individual with over 20+ combined years of experience in
Pe manufacturing.
4. resumesample@example.com Excellent reputation for resolving problems and improving customer satisfaction, Enthusiastic, eager
to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational
& = (555) 432-1000 P : ,
skills. Motivated to learn, grow and excel in any area.
100 Montgomery St. 10th Well-organized Human Resources professional bringing 10+ years of superior performance in fast-
a Floor paced HR environments. Communicative and decisive with focus on improving and retaining
efficiency in HR administration, payroll and recruiting. In-depth knowledge of ORACLE with skill in
records management.
SKILLS WORK HISTORY
« Flexible and Adaptable Toll Brothers - Accountant
« Audit Preparation Stamford, CT +» 05/2020 - Current
. Effective and Professional * Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
. oes + Used coordination and planning skills to achieve results according to schedule.
usage + Reconciled accounts, managed audits and updated financial records with remarkable accuracy.
+ Account Reconciliation ‘ . : ee
«Monthly and Annual Journal . Communicated with suppliers to reconcile invoice payments. ; ;
Entries ; . Applic’ proper codes to invoices, files and receipts to keep records organized and easily
; ‘ searchable.
+ Problem Solving » Utilized talents and expertise to complete on-time and accurate monthly closing processes, journal
entries and accruals.
EDUCATION » Verified vendor accounts by reconciling monthly statements and related transactions.
Algonquin - Advanced Human Resource Generalist
ASHFORD UNIVERSITY Salem, NH = 01/2009 - 05/2020
San Dilger GA + 0/2010 itali rtunity's to drive f d-thinking h initiatives for this indust
* . + Capitalize on o unity’s CO drive rorward-Ciinkin uman resource initiatives for this Indu *
Bachelor of Science: Accounting & leading manufacturer, induding conducting employee hiring, coordinating and managing all ¥
Finance onboarding procedures, and interpreting and enforcing human resource policies to ensure key
standards compliance. Collaborate with human resource leadership to develop and/or update
policies based on evolving industry and societal trends.
* Develop and enforce company policy and procedures.
» Rapidly address and resolve inquiries from employees and management regarding new hire activity
and employee relations.
+ Conduct benefits administration for 500 benefits-eligible employees and use HRIS to document and
organize benefits data for 500 accounts.
+ Lead weekly open enrollment "Question & Answer” sessions on programs.
» Process salary changes from merit increases, promotions, bonuses, and pay adjustments.
+ Create and manage 500+ confidential personnel records and evaluate staff performance.
» Collaborate with teams to gain insight on productivity, improvement, and long-term goals.
» Optimize departmental structures by engaging in analysis, assessment, and process mapping.
+ Improve staffing quality by developing hiring criteria and employment selection assessments.
+ Expertly evaluate and resolve performance-based and on-site incident employee injury claims.
+ Developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to all phases of human resources
activity.
+ Updated key human resource metrics, including turnover and terminations, using reporting tools on
HRMS database.
Publicis Groupe - Human Resources Generalist
Dallas, TX + 01/2007 - 01/2009
+ Updated key human resource metrics, including turnover and terminations, using reporting tools on
HRMS database.
+ Developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to all phases of human resources
activity.
+ Conducted salary survey research for both exempt and non-exempt positions.
» Provided job placement accommodation recommendations for employees on physician-mandated
medical restriction.
» Met with staff to resolve difficult situations related to performance and conflict management.
+ Built comprehensive employee recruiting strategy.
+ Managed employee rewards programs.
+ Improved operational processes resulting in productivity increase of 15% in HR department
DENSO Manufacturing Arkansas - Senior Account Specialist
City, STATE « 01/2007 - 01/2009
* Strategically steered all facets of accounting operations, including analyzing files and accounts for
discrepancies and resolving key variances.
+ Documented and tracked overhead and capital expenses for budgetary purposes.
+ Coordinated accounts for industry-specific audits and supported audit processes.
+ Contributed sharp analytical abilities toward performing bi-weekly payroll, along with updating
employee records as required.
+ Processed journal entries, online transfers, and payments.
» Coded invoices to consistently maintain organized and accurate records.
» Reconciled bank statements and credit cards.
+ Accurately reviewed high-volume vendor invoices and detailed expense reports.
» Maintained all control systems by compiling budget documents and monitoring costs.
+ Complied with end-of-month accounting procedures to verify proper account balancing.