—\
cc’ James Reed
> ARCHITECT
Profile Details
Passionate and skilled architect with 5+ years of experience planning, developing 40 25s50uthernotreet
and implementing exceptional architectural designs. Committed to high-quality INYeLOO TINNewsyorkg
details and achieving client satisfaction every step of the way. 5 16271022964)
Employment History
Architect, Howard Beach Architecture, New York Sills
JULY 2018 — FEBRUARY 2021 ArchitecturallDesign}
ES
e Worked in high-end residential construction, providing optimal architectural
design work for clients. ———
e Collaborated with design consultants, subcontractors and clients to ensure Coorlenshetcntn
that projects ran smoothly. —_—
e Served as an integral part of a design team to carry projects from freehand.
schematic design presentations to construction. J
¢ Developed spreadsheets and project timelines and communicated all Peadershipsskills
necessary details to colleagues and clients. _—————————
¢ Demonstrated professionalism and a commitment to excellence at all times.
e Participated in business development activities and advised regarding languages
marketing pursuits.
e Maintained strong relationships with clients and consultants. _————
Junior Architect, Sky Line Architects, New York ———————
NOVEMBER 2015 — MAY 2018
¢ Coordinated with all engineering disciplines and external consultants.
e Handled technical detailing and document production.
e Participated in the conceptualization of design projects.
e Developed, prepared and coordinated presentation and documentation
materials
e Prepared code and zoning reviews.
e Worked collaboratively with principal architects and other project leaders.
e Followed established standards for project production.
e Proficietly created visualizations with 3D modeling programs.
¢« Communicated regularly to management and the project team with project
updates.
Education
Master of Architecture, Cornell University
AUGUST 2011 — MAY 2015
Structural and Architectural Engineering, Fordham University
SEPTEMBER 2008 — MAY 2011