JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
TF TTF TT SULLARY -—,-! _YRRANTJc
Meticulous Accountant polished in reconciling invoices and expense reports. Brings advanced abilities in multiple accounting software and
systems. Versatile and methodical professional with 3 years of vast experience supporting financial services paired with outstanding
organizational and leadership abilities.
TTT ao. Ss00or__ SELL Yc
« GAAP Accounting ¢ Financial Consulting
« Account Reconciliation Expert ¢ Financial Modeling
« Accounts Payable ¢ Salesforce CRM
* Financial Statements ¢ Great Plains
¢ Joumal Entry Preparation e SAP
« Expense and Revenue Analysis
— Ao — — EXPRENCE —S HLH
Accountant, 05/2022 - Current
Bodybuilding — Henderson, NV
¢ Maintained point of contact with approximately 150 Suppliers to rectify payment, credits memos, and any other discrepancies with haste.
© Prepared accurate monthly and year-end closing financial statements for one of MidwayUSA board member's contract entity - Cartwright
Business and Technology Center.
e Analyzed root causes for discrepancies and generate reports to FS Managers for solutions.
* Initiated communication with logistics and Merchandising departments through exceptions to maximize process key measures and resolve
Supplier conflicts.
* Conducted Supplier invoice cycle count (SICC).
e Audited system processes to ensure timely and accurate payables are in accordance with business rules.
¢ Updated procedures and policies for continuous improvement of the financial processes.
« Processed non-inventory payables through work flow routine to ensure appropriate approvals and compliance aligns with our service
agreements. .
¢ Maintained current Supplier/Partner information in financial reporting systems, included but not limited to, EDL
* Maintained details for Supplier reward programs to ensure timely and accurate collections.
Financial Analyst, 07/2020 - 05/2022
Department Of Agriculture — New Meadows, ID
* Administered compliance and onboarding paperwork for multiple clients and prospective clients.
° Generated mutual fund reports to gamer forecasting, trending and narrative results analysis for management.
© Utilized financial analysis to prepare plans of action for investment.
¢ Evaluated life insurance quotes and annuity illustrations for both clients and prospect clients.
* Used MomingStar to illustrated concepts with charts and graphs showing historical and forecasted trends.
« Prepared accurate rate of retum projections based on the time value of money calculations and historical MomingStar data.
¢ Thoroughly investigated clientele's cost basis information through Contra-finms platforms, Salesforce, and MorningStar reports.
« Summarized financial information to clearly relay concepts and drive understanding of non-financial leaders.
¢ Utilized statistical, economic and financial principles and techniques to prepare reports and other requests.
e Facilitated intemal auditing with Salesforce reports to ensure timely compliance processing with Contra-firms and clientele’s accurate
information is recorded.
¢ Trained potential representatives with compliance reports in Salesforce and MomuingStar.
° Managed prospective representatives Contra-firm engagement and communication.
© Worked on Financial Portraits based on, but not limited to, clientele's assets, expenses, and date of termination.
Client Service Representative, 12/2019 - 07/2020
Perkinelmer, Inc. -- Philadelphia, PA
e Cold called prospective clients for better investment options.
* Team leader of research analysis reports on compliance processes through MorningStar data..
« Consulted with existing clients and Contra-finms to maintain accurate profiles for clientele.
© Reviewed and resolved client concems and issues, researching relevant details and clearly communicating solutions.
* Built sustainable client relationships on trust by applying excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
¢ Delivered high level of service to clients to both maintain and extend relationships for future business opportunities.
« Collaborated cross-functionally, remaining up-to-date on products, services and policies to inform clients.
* Scheduled and confirmed appointments based on customer availability.
¢ Documented customer correspondence in CRM (Salesforce) to track requests, problems and solutions.
Supply Chain Accounting and Finance Intern, 06/2019 - 08/2019
PepsiCo -- City, STATE
* Obtained internal control and financial planning skills by communicating with multiple branches.
« Consulted with the logistics management team to determine ways of optimizing service levels while minimizing costs.
* Examined the company's financials through SAP database to identify waste within my branch.
« Examined budget estimates for completeness, accuracy and conformance with procedures and regulations.
¢ Completed two projects consisting of analyzing costs, formulating action plans, and presenting these plans to the FS department and HQ
conference.
* Conducted forecasting and risk analysis assessments to increase financial stability.
——_ TT EDUCATION AND TRANG SSH
BACHELOR OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION: FINANCE AND BANKING, 12/2019
University of Missouri - Columbia, MO
—_———.————GGS2SS SS EER ALLN | ad
« Licensed Insurance Producer in Missouri - August 2023