PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Goal-focused Accountant with record of accurate reporting and budget management. Offering 10 years
&%. resumesample@example.com of CPA experience handling full cycle accounting including payroll, budgets, reports, journals,
expenditures and payments according to GAAP. ;
& (555) 432-1000
9 100 Montgomery St. 10th
: Floor
SKILLS WORK HISTORY
+ GAAP proficiency Anagram - Senior Accountant
¢ Financial statement review Austin, TX - 01/2020 - Current
° penerat ledger Whation ane ‘alist + _ Position is directly under CFO in medium size, oil parts wholesale company with multiple entities
* Accoun nin Guick ‘coke alls + Assist with all aspects of monthly close process including preparing various supporting schedules
: minal in na Boo such as prepaid assets, accrued expenses and fixed asset depreciation, and performing all
. Financial Reporting reconciliations necessary to provide consolidated financial statements to investors
: + Review and interpret financial statements to ensure accuracy and transparency for activity in the
+ Account Closing reporting period.
" vayrol Processing + Complete daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, and all types of
- Expense Reports cash and banking reconciliations.
+ Reconcile accounts and review all financial materials related to day to day operations.
+ Performed reconciliations for inventory including adjustments and research on unusual
transactions.
EDUCATION + Handle intercompany transactions and reconcile related accounts.
Owens Community College . Evaluate and im prove accuracy and com pleteness of all financial records.
Perrysburg, OH + 05/2011 . dhewende uncovered with daily financial reports and correct errors to resolve
CPA Qualifying Certificate: - Input financial data into general ledger and produce reports using QuickBooks Enterprise and Excel
Accounting . for daily information on how the business is doing , ,
Additional 24 hours of accounting - Document all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions
required to sit for the CPA Exam - Research and evaluate trend lines in financials and report to upper management =
Bowling Green State University ; Piepare supporting schedules and provide documentation for outside auditors as needed
Bowling Green, OH + 12/1991 » Review time records for 50 employees to verify accuracy of information
Bachelor of Science: Business » Verify and submit payroll information g. including calculations in overtime, vacation and sick hours
Administration for accurate and efficient payroll processing using a 3rd party payroll provider.
Purchasing and Production + Reconcile health care benefits, tax contributions and retirement accounts to facilitate large-scale
account reconciliations
* Perform all accounts payable functions and verify vendor accounts by reconciling monthly
CERTIFICATIONS statements and related transactions.
. » Manage vendors payable by determining best use of outgoing cash, in the form of weekly check
+ Certified Public Accountant runs and domestic and international wires, to maintain good vendor relationships.
(CPA) » Reconciled vendor payables:
+ Handle accounts receivables by collecting cash and credit card receipts, aging reports, collections,
reconciliations and any other associated responsibilities.
Anagram - Senior Accountant
Dallas, TX + 03/2013 - 12/2019
» Worked independently to run full cycle accounting and day to day operations of service based
janitorial master franchise. Company also sold and financed individual franchises to independent
contractors.
» Setup, implemented, and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business's growing
needs.
- Managed five employees including one staff accountant.
+ Reconciled balance sheet accounts and streamlined best practices for balance sheet processes.
* Prepared monthly schedules for balance sheet reconciliation such as fixed assets and depreciation,
accrued expenses, and prepaid assets.
» Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of all financial records.
» Prepared monthly and year end financial statements.
» Gathered and analyzed employee, department and company-wide financial information.
+ Managed cash flow and all cash transactions and reconciled to bank statement.
+ Handled accounts receivable duties including invoicing, cash and credit card receipts, all reporting,
and collections.
+ Reduced receivable cycle times considerably by implementing effective collection processes.
+ édanaged all accounts payables from payment to reporting. Improved vendor terms and
relationships.
» Prepared reports for and filed sales tax.
+ Performed all payroll reports and associated duties to pay employees in house.
+ Prepare supporting schedules and provide documentation for outside auditors as needed
+ Performed all other accounting duties to complete entire accounting cycle including gathering
information, preparing documents, finalizing reports and closing books.
BG Chair Company. Inc. - Office Manager and Staff Accountant
City, STATE » 01/1992 - 07/2012
» Oversaw day to day operations and accounting for a small Ohio based manufacturing company
working directly with owner.
+ Set up and implemented all accounting processes for AR, AP, collections, and cash functions.
+ Tracked and recorded expenses and reconciled accounts to maintain accurate, current and
compliant financial records.
+ . Purchased raw materials used for manufacturing.
+ Compared vendor prices and negotiated for optimal savings.
+ Maintained relationships with vendors and managed invoices for materials for production.
+ Generated financial statements and reports detailing accounts receivable status. Also, reviewed
accounts on monthly basis to assess aging and pursue collection of funds.
+ Reconciled account information and reported figures in general ledger by comparing to bank
account statement each month. ;
+ Provided all technical customer support for manufactured product.