JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
— Tm TTT SELLY
* Reputable Accountant skillful in valuing prospects and using diverse statistical techniques. Well-versed in generating models, forecasting
trends and giving presentations to stakeholders and business leaders. Key financial team member valued for insight and input into financial
decisions. .
* Motivated Assistant Accountant focused on maintaining accurate, compliant records and controls. Responsive to dynamic operating
conditions. Detail-oriented and methodical with excellent mathematical skills, GAAP expertise and IFRS knowledge.
« Diligent Accountant with strong accounting background and proven industry expertise. Monitored business operations and regulatory
compliance for large corporation. Superior account management and reconciliation skills leading to achievement of desired results.
* Dedicated employee known for punctuality, pursuing employment options where good customer service and positive attitude will make a
difference. Dedicated Customer Service Specialist providing skills to prioritize and multi-task in fast-paced working environment.
Successfully works as part of team to reach personal and business goals. Known for successfully handling escalated customer support
ISSUES.
« Bilingual Customer Service Representative quickly and effectively resolves complaints and issues. Well-trained and composed in busy call
center settings.
 _ _ SELLS ORR
* Budgetary Govemance « Business development
* Account reconciliation expert e Project management
« Accounts payable e Accounting and bookkeeping
« QuickBooks * Credit card payment processing
¢ Auditing * Customer relations
¢ Payroll management * Report generation
e A/P and A/R e Adaptive team player
* Payroll liability and deductions ¢ Project management abilities
¢ Data analysis and research « Schedule mastery
« Accounting operations management ¢ Problem-solving abilities
* Quicken expertise
— TF TF TT TT TTT OE PRR CEO oo ee
ACCOUNTANT, 06/2021 - 12/2022
Balchem -- Whittemore, IA
¢ Analyzed financial statements and income statements to review company’s financial performance.
¢ Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.
« Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.
¢ Balanced reports and batch summaries to submit for approval.
* Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.
¢ Monitored company costs and presented budget forecasts for each quarter.
* Identified process inefficiencies and recommended improvements.
« Created detailed financial models and applied analytical tools to facilitate variance analysis.
« Created and executed short- and long-term customized comprehensive financial strategies to reach company goals.
* Managed team of financial professionals and coached each employee in job tasks and duties.
e Educated management members on strategies for minimizing tax liability.
Accountant, Office Administation, Customer Service, 07/2018 - 03/2021
Stark Enterprises — Brooklyn, OH
© Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.
« Established positive rapport with customers, managers and customer service team members to maintain positive and successful work
environment.
¢ Maintained knowledge of company products and services to promptly resolve complaints and concerns.
« Assisted staff with resolving complex customer issues and implementing targeted solutions.
« Investigated sensitive customer service complaints and delivered prompt resolution to customer satisfaction.
« Assisted customers in making payments on accounts and setting up payment plans.
* Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and developing solutions.
¢ Reviewed purchase documents and company receipts for reconciliation with statements.
* Prepared accurate financial reports each month by collecting, analyzing and summarizing account information.
* Maintained full compliance when executing and tracking bank reconciliations, A/P, invoicing, billing and collections.
« Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures and correct problems with physical and digital files.
e Alleviated financial discrepancies by preparing bank reconciliations, managing field audits and reviewing accounting records for accuracy.
* Certified and processed payroll, electronic deposits and pay adjustments while distributing checks.
* Coordinated budget information by assessing estimated income and expenses as well as historical budgets.
Operations Manager, Bookkeper, 01/2006 - 03/2021
Caribbean Cruisin Ltd -- City, STATE
* Directed day-to-day operations by spearheading implementation of short-term and long-term strategies to achieve business plan and
profitability goals.
* Conducted performance reviews providing coaching and feedback to benefit both company and employee.
© Managed company operations with responsibility for profit and loss, scheduling, training and inventory control.
* Implemented policies and standard operating procedures and managed quality, customer service and logistics.
¢ Delivered positive customer experiences by implementing effective quality assurance practices.
¢ Collaborated with staff to maximize customer satisfaction, streamline procedures and improve bottom-line profitability.
* Planned daily operational strategies, including delivery routing, team workflows and promotional initiatives.
« Maintained safety and emergency readiness among personnel by disseminating information on and monitoring compliance with regulatory
and organizational policies.
* Improved morale and management communication by creating employee recognition and rewards practices.
¢ Recruited, hired and trained crew members on application of projects, customer relations and customer service.
* Developed initiatives for process improvement and reviewed and assessed ongoing operations.
* Oversaw financial management, budget management, accounting and payroll activities.
« Reviewed daily financial reports and reconciled accounts to keep information current and accurate.
« Built upon established practice standards to improve operational performance and reduce labor costs.
« Enforced security policies and procedures to protect company assets from theft, loss or damage.
© Evaluated invoices and shipping paperwork for accuracy and compliance.
« Established organizational vision and developed strategies to achieve sales and customer service goals.
« Aided senior leadership during executive decision-making process by generating daily reports to recommend corrective actions and
improvements.
« Examined quantitative methods and techniques and approaches to optimize organizational operations and facilitate decision-making.
« Replenished inventory to maintain par levels.
« Achieved and surpassed production targets through effective staff management, task allocation and materials coordination.
* Inspected production areas to identify and correct unsafe or unauthorized practices.
Leasing Agent, 02/2019 - 11/2019
Brace Bay Leasing — City, STATE
e Led property tours to showcase amenities to prospective tenants and offered valuable information regarding major features.
* Contacted and followed up with tenants on renewal notices.
« Encouraged prospective tenants to fill out applications after property tours.
« Conducted background checks on applicants.
« Answered calls and responded to inquiries from various parties, using strong active listening and open-ended questioning skills to resolve
problems.
—____—. aaaaaaannmmmmmmEOM ED CATON AD. TRALEE O__
BBA: Business Administration, 08/2021
Penn Foster College - Scottsdale, AZ
Associate of Arts: Accounting And Business Management, 01/2011
TCI Community College - Turks And Caicos Islands
Travel Agent, 03/2017
Ashworth College - Norcross, GA
Hotel And Motel Management, 04/2019
Ashworth College - Norcross, GA
Hospitaly, 04/2018
American Hote; & Lodging - Orlando, FL
st ——- LaAncuaces a AA ANT
English: French:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
creole:
Negotiated: