JESSICA PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
C L Al R E Adept at managing budgets, payroll, invoicing and all other general accounting functions. Instrumental
in keeping business operations fully compliant and working within budgetary guidelines. Fastidious in
—___ tracking all expenses and reconciling accounts. Emerging accounting professional ready to develop
career foundation with expanding operation. Dedicated to keeping records accurate and controls tight
. resumesample@example.com to meet all business needs. Systematic and well-organized with strong attention to detail,
; mathematical acumen and GAAP knowledge. Accounts Receivable Manager with over 22.5 years of
& (555) 432-1000 successful experience in billing and collections, Recognized consistently for performance excellence
and contributions to success in financial industry. Strengths in Consistency and Accuracy backed by
100 Montgomery St. 10th training in Accounting. Experienced problem solver with over 25 years of experience in customer
a Floor service. Excellent reputation for resolving problems and improving customer satisfaction.
SKILLS WORK HISTORY
¢ Intuit QuickBooks specialist Amphitheater Public Schools - Accountant
- Account reconciliation specialist Tucson, AZ + 04/2020 - Current
: aap patil Specialization . Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting,
. Invoice C oding Familiarity donating and all types of cash and banking reconciliations.
‘ P + Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile
« Excellent Managerial Techniques . 4 d Led
« Closing Processes production operations an general ger. ; ;
ee . + Monitored 26-employee team while handling day-to-day accounting processes and financial
+ Administrative support accura
> Financial Management + Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax
. Account Reconciliation guidelines,
° Finance . F + Documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
* Superior attention to detail + Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.
* QuickBooks expert + Brought errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.
Irving Oil Corp. - Administrative Assistant
EDUCATION South Portland, ME « 06/2013 - 02/2017
Haskell Indian Nations University + Coordinated travel arrangements by booking airfare, hotel and ground transportation.
Lawrence, KS » Restocked supplies and placed purchase orders to maintain adequate stock levels.
_ Associate of Science: Accounting . Supported logistics for programs, meetings and events, including room reservations, agenda
preparation and calendar maintenance.
Southwestern Community College + Executed record filing system to improve document organization and management.
syiva, NC + Scheduled office meetings and client appointments for staff teams.
. + Monitored premises, screened visitors, updated logs and issued passes to maintain security.
Associate of Arts: Computer + Monitored supervisor's work calendar and scheduled appointments, meetings and travel.
Engineering Technology + Organized weekly staff meetings and logged minutes for corporate records.
: + Arranged rapid office equipment repair and maintenance with vendors.
sylva, NC. 05/2022 unity College + Sorted and distributed office mail and recorded incoming shipments for corporate records.
i + Edited subcontractor proposals, project punch lists, transmittals and memorandums for
_ Associate of Science: Accounting organizational support. ‘
. + Coached new employees on administrative procedures, company policies and performance
Cherokee High School standards. :
Cherokee, NC + 06/1987 + Answered multi-line phone system, routing calls, delivering messages to staff and greeting
High School Diploma visitors.
+ Elected Captain of cheerleading + Maintained staff directory and company policy handbook for human resources department.
basketball , + Interacted with vendors, contractors and professional services personnel to receive orders, direct
- Graduated in Top 3% of Class. ‘activities and communicate instructions. ,
- Elected to treasurer for Student - Developed and updated spreadsheets and databases to track, analyze and report on performance
Body in 1986 & 1987 ‘and sales data. ;
« ddember of mathmatics honor » Supported efficient meetings by organizing spaces and materials, documenting discussions and
society of north america distributing meeting notes.
+ Processed invoices and expenses using QuickBooks to facilitate on-time payment.
- Coordinated bookkeeping activities in QuickBooks and Lawson, including invoicing and accounts
payable.
Eastern Band Of Cherokee Indians-Finance Division - Senior Account Receivable Officer
City, STATE « 03/1995 - 06/2013
* Managed and responded to all correspondence and inquiries from customers and vendors.
+ Used Gems to accurately manage over 5000 accounts worth $200k to $500k monthly.
+ Checked income sheets documents for errors and accuracy while updating in cash receipts software
+ Maintained excellent financial standings by working closely with all tribal programs to processes
business transactions.
» Verified financial documents for water & sewer department to accurately analyze financial data.
+ Applied mathematical abilities on daily basis to calculate and check figures in all areas of
“accounting systems.
+ Entered figures using 10-key calculator to compute data quickly.
+ Utilized Gems and Gems to analyze, store and record company financial information.
+ Gathered, evaluated and summarized account data in detailed financial reports.
» Reset Gems for next days’ use by sending detailed daily bank reports to Bookkeeper and closing
finances for current day.
* Managed complex finance projects under direction of senior management to meet deadlines and -
budget limitations.
* Entered financial data into company accounting database for verification and reconciliation,
maintaining accurate and current accounts at all times.
+ Used Gems to perform accurate financial analysis and audits to mitigate financial risks.
+ Reconciled accounts, managed audits and updated financial records with remarkable accuracy.
+ Managed and updated financial accounts and permanent records for more than 10,000 current
clients.
» Assessed data and information to verify entry, calculation and billing code accuracy.
+ Reduced financial discrepancies, effectively reconciling bank accounts and organizing information
into accounting software.
+ Analyzed financial data derived from multiple reporting systems to develop recommendations for
operational and performance improvements.
+ Verified and submitted timekeeping information for accurate and efficient payroll processing.
+ Streamlined bookkeeping procedures to increase efficiency and productivity.
+ Generated invoices upon receipt of billing information and tracked collection progress.
+ Completed bi-weekly payroll for company employees, including calculating taxes, vacation and sick
time.
* Introduced new accounting, financial and operational systems to maximize efficiency and
recordkeeping accuracy.
+ Accurately and quickly prepared and delivered cash receipts, bank statements, including
statements, deposits and ledgers. ,
+ Input financial data and produced reports using Gems.
» Reviewed account data and activity to devise financial estimation reports and adjustments.
» Trained and supervised 6, accounts receivable employees on best practices and accurate financial
forecasting.
» Assisted day staff by completing daily computer backups, virus checks and program updates.
+ Effectively communicated with clients about payment needs and kept updated, detailed and
accurate ledgers.
+ Cross-trained management on financial processes and reduced project gaps by 85%.
+ Verified deposits, rectified discrepancies and processed end-of-day paperwork using Gems with
99% accuracy. ,
* Supported management by processing invoices and documents with consistent on-time delivery.
* Reconciled company bank, credit card and line of credit accounts every month, investigating and
resolving discrepancies to keep accounts audit-ready.
+ Maintained 99% accuracy while processing $10000.00 to $1.2 million worth of 100 to 500 daily
payments.