Jessica CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ® (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com
Summary
Communicative relater and team-oriented individual with strong adaptability to people, and a variety of situation and work
environments. Experienced in building or redeveloping Policy and Procedures. Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
and project management abilities.
Skills
e QuickBooks * Payment processing
* General ledger entries « ID verification
* Accounts payable Issue resolution
* Accounting and bookkeeping « Liquor regulations and compliance
e Customer relations ¢ Knowledge of wine and spirits
e Account reconciliation e Customer assistance
* Team development « Cash drawer balancing
« Community outreach * Credit and cash transactions
e Volunteer engagement * Staff mentoring
® Training oversight * Event coordination
¢ File and Records Management * Scheduling and calendar management
* Time management * File and data retrieval systems
¢ Volunteer evaluations ¢ Training and coaching
e Volunteer needs assessments * Microsoft Office
* Volunteer scheduling: * Data entry
« Grant writing * Invoicing and billing
e Effective customer communication * Event planning and execution
e Customer support and assistance * Internet and E-mail Marketing
* Cash register operation « PPE use’
* Merchandise restocking « Analytical
* POS systems * Flexible
Experience
Accountant, 05/2017 to 08/2017
Anne Carlsen - Minot, ND
* Reconciliation of expenditures of $ 512 million annual budget.
* Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.
e Prepared and reviewed financial statements, resolving discrepancies after careful analysis.
* Assisted with quarterly financial documents.
Call Center Customer Service Specialist, 10/2016 to 01/2017
Eastern Metal Supply — Fort Myers, FL
* Boosted productivity by maintaining strong call control and quickly working through scripts to address diverse problems.
« Pursued opportunities to advance client relations skills and further enhance customer satisfaction in every interaction.
* Resolved average of 80 inquiries per week to consistently meet performance benchmarks, including speed, accuracy and volume.
® Met or exceeded call speed, accuracy and volume benchmarks on consistent basis.
¢ Shared detailed information regarding the diverse company offered pest control options to help customers make decisions.
¢ Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.
* Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.
e Assisted 250+ callers per week in fast-paced environment.
* Evaluated customer account information to assess current issues and determine potential solutions.
Consulted with customers to determine best methods to resolve service and billing issues.
e Corresponded with Technician department team members to build and implement successful solutions to customer problems.
Cashier/Overnight Crew Member, 07/2016 to 01/2017
Kroger — City, STATE
« Assisted customers based on currently available product, promotional and policy information.
Reviewed current planograms and end cap placements to properly merchandise items.
¢ Prepared products for sales floor by adding tags and readying pallets or restocking.
* Updated signage to reflect current prices and help promote target merchandise.
e Helped customers complete purchases, including processing payments and bagging items.
« Removed product from boxes and placed on shelves according to merchandising guidelines.
* Observed strict safety measures while stocking shelves to prevent falls and mishaps.
Office Administrative Assistant, 07/2015 to 01/2016
Progressive Communicationsine — City, STATE
* Sorted and distributed business correspondence to correct department or staff member, reducing dropped communications and
enabling faster responses to key requests.
e Conducted research using various media sources to obtain relevant data for staff requirements.
e Answered phones to direct callers, schedule appointments and provide general office information.
* Set up and maintained physical and electronic filing systems to maintain organizational efficiency.
¢ Prepared packages for shipment by generating invoices and setting up courier deliveries.
e Organized conference room space and materials for internal and customer meetings, took notes and distributed meeting minutes
to support executive needs.
* Oversaw office inventory by restocking supplies and submitting purchase orders.
* Maintained office safety by screening visitors, updating logs and issuing temporary passes.
¢ Obtained scanned records and uploaded to database.
* Responsible for researching state, and other applicable laws in 15+ states and locations while keeping concise records required
for our company to obtain titles and/or permits to operate at all times.
* Managed office duties, including ordering materials, organizing workspaces, answering emails and making phone calls.
Education and Training
Associate of Science: Business Administration And Management, 05/2007
North Central Texas College - Bowie, TX
* Dean's List 2006-2007
Bachelor of Science: Business Education
Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT
e Completed Two Semesters
Activities and Honors
PTO President- Nocona Elementary School, Nocona ISD 2013-2015
Certifications
¢ Nocona Elementary School :Mentor/Mentee Program Award 2014/2015
e Licensed American Association of Notaries - Est 2015