Jessica Claire
© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA94105 %® (555)432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com
SUMMARY © Financial services professional successful at advising multi-billion dollar corporations, small businesses and
individual clients. Strong background in asset allocation, investment strategy and risk management.
Proficient team player experienced in Accounting, valuing prospects and using diverse Statistical techniques.
Skilled at generating models, forecasting trends and giving presentations to stakeholders and business
leaders.
Dynamic and highly qualified Project Manager with extensive knowledge of accounting principles, taxation
policies and income tax procedures. Well-organized and diligent about keeping records current, statements
accurate and accounts reconciled for fully compliant tracking, reporting and auditing of financial records.
Knowledgeable about Utah, federal and GAAP standards.
Capable of coordinating schedules, leading teams and managing closings. Excellent general ledger
accounting skills with full knowledge of GAAP, data analysis and report writing. Gifted communicator and
relationship-builder with top strengths in multitasking and prioritization.
Motivated accounting professional focused on maintaining accurate, compliant records and controls
responsive to dynamic operating conditions. Detai-oriented and methodical with excellent mathematical skills,
GAAP expertise and IFRS knowledge.
Successful at controlling budgets, administering payroll, distributing invoices and handling any other
accounting function in focused and exacting manner. Central to maintaining compliant and sustainable
business operations. Consistent in accurately tracking expenses, reconciling accounts and supporting audits.
Talented Project Manager and team leader offering 2 years of success in Construction environments.
Strategic thinker with Accounting proficiency. Offers proven ability to build effective teams. Committed to
identifying and leveraging opportunities for growth.
SKILLS © «© Abilities and Talents « Financial statement analysis
* Possesses computer skills « Budget forecasting expertise
« Team player, works well with others « Financial planner
« Creative thinking skills. * Tax return filing
« Reliable; good listening skills * Account reconciliation expert
« Responsible; good management skills ¢ Financial Management
« Conscientious; strong sense of community « Accounting and bookkeeping
« Time management and organizational skills * Payroll administration
e Leadership skills; exhibits good judgment e Financial Auditing
* Creative thinking « Payroll liability and deductions
* Leadership skills « Tax Preparation
« Listening * Budgeting
« Management skills . * Accounts payable
« Works ¢ QuickBooks
« Organizational skills « Customer service
« Team player « Payroll management
« Time management
EXPERIENCE «© ACCOUNTANT 01/2079 to 06/2020
Apache Corporation | Sundown, TX
« Analyzed wills, insurance policies and corporate contracts.
« Supported department staff by performing wide range of clerical and administrative tasks.
*« Generated profit and loss statements to detail company's revenues and expenses.:
« Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of proper due diligence.
e Created detailed financial models and applied analytical tools to facilitate variance analysis.
« Created and executed short- and long-term customized comprehensive financial strategies to reach
company goals.
* Prepared average of 35 annual federal, state and local tax returns for both individuals and businesses.
« Monitored all company costs and presented budget forecasts each quarter.
« Authored staff expense and reimbursement tracker leveraging data validation to reduce user errors and
increase reporting accuracy.
*« Prepared and reviewed financial statements, resolving discrepancies after careful analysis.
* Analyzed expenses and revenues to project future trends.
e Supplied detailed tax documentation needed to submit accurate corporate returns.
« Reviewed financial statements to determine any discrepancies.
* Tracked all capital spending against approved capital requests.
« Streamlined financial efficiencies, developing Excel reports to show RO! for monthly mailings.
« Secured staff payment traceability, accurately calculating deductions while preparing and processing
payroll via UAttend.
« Maintained accurate accounts on cash, prepaid credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.
*« Completed in-depth analysis of business operations, trends and obligations to complete accurate
projections.
« Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents, and invoices.
e Reviewed all tax returns prepared by individual departments before approval.
« Supervised payroll, AP and AR and general ledger activities.
« Utilized industry specific software to calculate payroll for hourly and salaried employees.
« Secured positive customer satisfaction ratings by resolving issues efficiently.
e Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments.
« Entered payroll data for 40 employees, maintaining consistency, accuracy and information security.
« Calculated, prepared and filed payroll taxes for clients.
« Investigated and resolved billing issues to generate revenues and minimize outstanding debts.
« Gathered information and entered data into computer system.
e Worked with leadership to prepare operating budgets and facilitate financial planning.
« Prepared quarterly tax returns and reviewed with auditors.
*« Posted accounts receivable payments made by cash, check or credit card payments.
« Facilitated month-end close processes, invoicing, journal entries and account reconciliations.
« Performed comprehensive assessments to determine viability, stability and profitability of clients’
business operations.
HFCEXECUTIVE 01/2079 to 06/2020
Xylem Inc. | Boise, ID
« Sourced and developed sourcing leads to increase recruiting base.
e Supported executive decision-making by reporting on metrics and recommending actionable
improvements.
« Reviewed compensation program and developed short- and long-term plans to increase efficiency and
employee satisfaction.
« Maintained employee benefits programs and informed employees of benefits by studying and assessing
benefit needs and trends.
« Evaluated staff performance at multiple facilities and made recommendations for training improvement.
« Implemented employee engagement and development activities, presentations and training to maximize
productivity and unite workforce.
* Diminished obstacles and saved time, spearheading special projects through effective emergency
resolution.
* Challenged and refined current recruitment and sourcing processes by suggesting actionable
improvements and innovations.
« Supported human resources, controlling resume flow within applicant tracking system.
« Managed 40 employees across compensation, benefits, wellness and safety, HRIS, payroll and
information and data departments to ensure optimal productivity.
* Executed integrated recruiting campaign across multiple media channels.
« Optimized processes by training employees to apply industry best practices and observe all protocols.
« Boosted employee morale by establishing fair job descriptions, grades, salaries and benefit programs in
accordance with market standards.
« tLiaised between employees and Senior leadership to address inquiries, complete contract processing
and foster problem resolution.
PROJECT MANAGER 01/2079 to 06/2020
Suddath Companies | Los Angeles, CA
« Trained and coached key team members on production techniques to establish expectations and
ensure compliance with quality guidelines.
« Focused on product value to decrease waste and boost customer satisfaction.
« Devised implementation plans, including cost-benefit and RO! analyses.
« Made changes to project scope and cost and implemented most effective change management
processes to keep project up-to-date.
« Brought in additional project personnel and resources to meet demands.
« Inspired team members by fostering positive environment and boosting employee confidence.
« Applied extensive expertise in System Development Lifecycle (SDLC) methodologies and Agile project
management techniques to manage multiple project teams.
« Produced status reports for customers and senior management.
« Outlined work plans, assessed resources and determined timelines for projects.
« Provided updates and managed inquiries for delivery of quality products and Services.
« Updated project plans based on changing objectives, specifications and staff availability.
« Established key issues in need of resolution and project performance metrics to set planning objectives.
e Developed new analytics tool to allow senior management to understand impact of each project.
« Met project benchmarks while reducing costs through introduction of enhanced implementation
strategies.
* Completed thorough risk assessments and deployed management and response strategies to prevent
roadblocks.
« Maintained close connection with project personnel to quickly identify and resolve problems.
« Oversaw budgets for project, tracked expenses and timelines and communicated with key stakeholders
on milestones.
« Kept project teams on-task with proactive control of budgets, schedules and Scopes.
« Collaborated with finance leaders and completion guarantors to foster funding objectives.
« Devised and deployed system improvements to boost storage environment reliability and effectiveness.
« Engineered, recorded and implemented maintenance to complete system upgrades and improvements
with update manager.
« Aligned project specifications, schedules and phase deliverables across all teams, members and
external parties to ensure conformance with user needs and client requirements.
« Oversaw bookkeeping and financial functions, including budget preparation and cost reporting.
* Maintained vital business function throughout unexpected events and managed disaster recovery.
« Coordinated and executed audits and monitored expenses to evaluate potential misuse of funds.
« Recruited, interviewed and hired consultants and freelance personnel that displayed exemplary skills to
perform and complete projects.
« Scheduled material deliveries, equipment repair and shipment transportation.
« Mitigated work flow down time, accurately scheduling enterprise service installation completion.
« Completed full-scale project plans, including overseeing engineering activities and design processes.
« Spearheaded software, hardware and equipment purchasing.
* Supervised crew to facilitate top quality and achievement of project milestones.
* Provided continuous project monitoring and management, including developing forecasts, tracking
expenses and approving payments.
e Supervised 35 team members, offering constructive feedback on work performance.
« Defined project plans and timelines, managed workflow and personnel and achieved completion
deadlines on or before schedule.
« Established and cultivated professional working relationships, which proved highly effective during store
construction.
« Automated office operations while managing payroll, accounts payable and receivable, customer
correspondence, record tracking and data communications.
« Coordinated material deliveries, and equipment maintenance, transportation and disposal manifests for
off-site shipments.
« Reviewed contractor scope, material estimates and pricing take-offs to optimize competitive bidding
processes.
* Ensured project compliance and reviewed contractor scope, materials and pricing take-off for
competitive bidding.
* Oversaw project details to ensure consistent adherence to legal requirements.
« Developed full-scope estimates for use in project bidding and design-build projects.
« Secured continuous project scope alignment with business objectives and made modifications to
enhance effectiveness toward intended result.
* Saved money and oversaw cost-effective vendor and supplier purchases.
« Served as single point of contact for project scheduling and changes to maintain oversight while
keeping progress on track.
« Managed day-to-day storage equipment administration to ensure optimal system asset application.
« Managed estimation processed by preparing specialty subcontractor bid packages, material
procurement for project management, contracts review and preparing action lists.
*« Determined appropriate timelines and then developed plans that would apply to project goals and
objectives.
« Increased process improvement initiatives and performed troubleshooting to boost functionality and
workflow.
« Evaluated product and process disadvantages and suggested solutions including changes to
processes, products or quality standards where warranted.
« {nteracted with clients to provide timely and relevant status updates.
* Streamlined operational efficiencies by creating employee schedules, managing payroll, controlling
inventory, organizing appointments and executing opening/closing procedures.
« Mitigated excessive spending by effectively negotiating vendor product and sales service contracts to
optimize cost savings.
« Created project plans with established timelines for integral phases, assigned to appropriate teams,
managed workflow and achieved RFP submissions and completion deadlines on or before schedule.
« Assessed damage thorough site assessments and structural evaluations to determine corrective action.
* Reduced process lags by effectively managing and scheduling employees to ensure optimal
productivity while training staff on best practices and protocols.
* Managed estimation processes by preparing specialty subcontractor bid packages, material
procurement for project management, contract reviews and action list preparation.
« I{nterfaced with state and county leadership and engineers to share best practices and project updates
for continuous improvement planning.
« Coordinated extensive planning required for complex contracts, including development of project
milestones and budget.
« Diminished costs by reviewing and qualifying competitive subcontractor bids prior to contract execution.
« Developed and monitored internal financial budgets to measure against projections.
« Developed and monitored weekly staff schedules.
« Handled all needs of development and Apartment construction projects by liaising effectively with
contractors, engineering teams, designers and clients.
ACOOUNT MANAGER 10/2018 toa 01/2019
Discover Financial Services | City, STATE
« Reached out to accounts measuring Satisfaction and increased revenue.
« Generated new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies.
« Developed relationships with clients and provided individualized customer service to maintain longevity
of accounts. _
« Connected with current customers to assess Satisfaction, determine needs and offer new services.
¢ Participated in incentive programs and contests designed to support achievement of production goals.
« Ensured client satisfaction ratings by actively listening and resolving customers comments and
concerns.
* Maintains professional network of potential clients and business opportunities.
* Managed select accounts for clients, celebrities and collectors to ensuring alignment with individual
plans.
EDUCATION AND © Associate of Science | Dentistry (Pre-Dentistry) 05/2026
TRAINING University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT
ACTIVITIES AND ©
HONORS