“A ”
Po om
Extremely dedicated student maintaining a: 2A for my entire academic career. | am Sasa
seeking to become an architect with experi construction project management and.
interior design,
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE PROGRAMS & SKILLS
Sees a ED — one Google Workspace
Apr. 2020 - Present . Sketchup
¢ Designing and creating specialized jewelry Photoshop
e Manage’sales website and product inventory
e Administer custom order requests and resolve customer concerns Illustrator
; . Social media management
t Capstone Project
Aug. 2021 - May 2022 OTHER PROJECTS
« Presented project plan and budget to approval board ea hts Fest
e Managed required materials and coordinated with faculty for timely maintenance Curated display and presented
of project milestones a . on themed scrapbooking journal
e Curated final presentation with faculty, staff, and other student members of the Instructing fellow students on
capstone team .
developing themed artwork and
<< = ; resenting in a public forum
presenting in a public f
— Marketing and HR Intern
AWARDS
Jun. 2021 - Aug. 2021
Diploma of Endorsement
e Designed agency informational poster and promotional event materials SSS:
e Compiled financial data for analysis of local non-profits °
e Reviewed and reported on the accuracy of employee HR files. .Master of Craft Award
Counter Lead/ Trainer fi lish
. Excellence in English «=s5sh
Jun. 2018 - Dec. 2020 (Store Closed) 8 os
e Sustained proper product and customer service levels during peak periods
° Supervised training of new employees and ensured compliance with operating MEMBERSHIPS
standards ; . wag ; a Delta Alpha Pi International
e Prepared seasonal products and maintained promotional displays an
Honor Society
EDUCATION Alpha Lambda Delta National
_ Honor Society
Universityt=— je ee
Aug. 2022 - Present Art Program
echnology Student
e Bachelor of Arts - Architecture (Expected May 2026) —" . ne t
e Minor in Construction Project Management ssociation (Secretary,
2020-2021)
Fs High School, ETE &—>Board Game Club
Aug. 2018 - May 2022
e Diploma, Summa Cum Laude
e Completed the performing and visual arts magnet program