JESSICA CLAIRE
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ® (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com
Professional Summary
Accomplished accounting professional with 25+ years of experience performing accounting and processing high-quality data in busy,
high- growth companies, Recognized for consistent success in delivering strong and sustainable operating, accounting, and financial
gains through expertise in systems design/implementation, standardization and workflow optimization. Demonstrates job-role
ownership and the ability te connect strategy, mission, and purpose to accomplish company goals and achieve outstanding results.
An analytical big-picture thinker who is loyal, dedicated, and challenge- driven, committed to upholding industry best practices to
continue driving forward the organization’s mission, vision, and values.
Skills
¢ Daily Cash Receipts and Disbursements * Accounting Analysis
¢ Create Standard Operating Practices for all job activities ¢ General Ledger Account Reconciliation
e Accounts Receivable * Proficient in Office Suite, MS Excel, QuickBooks, Peachtree
¢ Payroll Processing, and Payroll Taxes SAGE and SAP
Work History
Accountant, 03/2016 to Current
Black & Veatch Corporation — Indianapolis, IN
Promoted from Accounting Analyst to Accountant following tremendous success saving the company thousands of dollars in
expenses and transitioning the company from paper to an automated payroll
system.
Accountant (March 2016 - Present)
Perform a full range of accounting, recordkeeping, financial analysis, reporting and data management functions for five oil and gas
companies with 600+ employees. Full responsibility for accounts receivable, .
payroll processing, cash management, month-end balance sheet reconciliations and Ad-Hoc reports for multiple companies. Process
month-end journal entries, wage accruals, inter-company transfers, prepaid insurance accruals, revenue accruals, tie-outs, and
corporate overhead allocations. Work collaboratively with the Controller, Chief Financial Officer and owners to assist in budget
preparation and process
financial records.
¢ Apply daily cash receipts and vendor payments to customer/supplier accounts
¢ Responsible for all outgoing ACH payments and wires, both domestic and international
* Daily balance sheet and general ledger account reconciliations
* Create and review invoices for four companies and send invoices to customers
* Load invoices into multiple customer portals including SAP Ariba, Open Invoice and GEP
* Assisted Project Managers with time and attendance data to improve accuracy for weekly T&M invoicing, increasing billable
revenue
* Create and maintain documentation for job procedures including payroll processing, accounts receivable preparation, journal
entry preparation and daily cash management
« Process payroll weekly for 600+ employees
e Assigned Payroll Specialist for Implementation Team for ADP payroll processing
¢ Served on Implementation Team to move corporate credit card program to SAP Concur
e Recognized as the “go-to” person to handle accounting questions and concerns.
Accounting Analyst, 09/2014 to 03/2016
Jones Lange Lasalle Inc. - Lacey, WA
Recruited to complete weekly payroll for 150+ employees for three companies, analyze the credit card program to enstre accuracy
and onetime reporting and process accounting data.
* Implemented new electronic time-keeping system and third-party payroll processing system that promoted more efficient
accounting operations and safeguarded the corporation from losing thousands of dollars in inaccurate time-keeping
* OCIP reporting for multiple companies
* Restructured and tightened company’s expense report policy, saving up to $5,000 weekly by identifying and preventing
fraudulent activity on employee expense reports
¢ Moved company from paper expense reports to fully electronic workflow system
Executive Assistant, 02/2012 to 09/2014
Cidara Therapeutics, Inc. — Las Vegas, NV
Provided administrative, accounting, and team support for this fast-paced accounting firm. Scope of responsibility was diverse and
included data management, monthly expense reports, Excel spreadsheets, and research. Prepared planning session meeting materials
and notes, organized data from employee surveys, and built surveys for multiple companies.
¢ Consistently completed all administrative and accounting duties accurately and on time
e Built and maintained excellent relationships with customers, managers, and employees
Accountant, 07/1994 to 12/2012
Black & Veatch Corporation - City, State
Provided financial and administrative leadership for this new family-owned medial clinic to promote more efficient operations and
to accelerate growth and expansion into Western Kansas, Kansas City, Kansas and Oklahoma. Scope of responsibility was diverse
and included accounting, administrative, patient services, and human resources. Recruited, trained, mentored and supervised up to
25 employees.
¢ Key contributor to building company from start-up to $1 Million in annual revenue
* Set up and implemented new accounting procedures to include journal entries, financial statements, medical coding and billing,
accounts payable and receivable, payroll and payroll taxes
« Created new accounting systems using Peachtree, SAGE accounting software
¢ Streamlined accounting processes by developing and implementing Standard Operating Practices (SOP’s)
Education
High School Diploma
Wichita Highschool Northwest - Wichita, KS
Wichita State University - Wichita, KS