JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
— Tm TTT SELLY
Motivated Assistant Accountant focused on maintaining accurate, compliant records and controls. Responsive to dynamic operating conditions.
Detail-oriented and methodical with excellent mathematical skills, GAAP expertise and IFRS knowledge. Proven expertise in conducting in-
depth audits and devising successful improvement strategies. Methodically evaluated documents and. systems and initiated corrections in
compliance with established standards. Superb analytical and communications skills enabled optimum results. Reputable Accountant skillful in
valuing prospects and using diverse statistical techniques. Well-versed in generating models and forecasting trends. Key financial team member
valued for insight and input into financial decisions. Diligent Accountant with strong accounting background and proven industry expertise.
Monitored business operations and regulatory compliance for large corporation. Superior account management and reconciliation skills leading
to achievement of desired results. Intelligent Accountant with strong GAAP knowledge and data analysis expertise. Commended for
successfully directing accounting team and maintaining timely operations in challenging environments. Results-oriented leader possessing first-
tate process management skills to complete tasks within budget and on time.
TF TTF OaooOoo>_ ELL Ul
¢ Customer relations ¢ Regulatory Compliance
¢ Great Plains * Financial Portfolio Management
* PeopleSoft ¢ Budgetary Governance
¢ Budget forecasting expertise e Account reconciliation expert
——.T__——_ Exprrience/ Work 8 10R¢—_. SJ)
Accountant, 01/2016 - Current
Autozone, Inc. — Lagrange, KY
¢ Analyzed financial statements and income statements to review company’s financial performance.
¢ Balanced reports and batch summaries to submit for approval.
« Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.
* Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.
* Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.
e Managed team of financial professionals and coached each employee in job tasks and duties.
« Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation,
* Collaborated with accounting associates to improve reconciliation processes.
¢ Gained accounting efficiency and improved documentation coordination through development of optimal journal entry schedules.
* Reduced closing time for monthly and quarterly close by implementing new consolidation procedures.
« Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable, bank reconciliations and payroll function.
* Developed actionable improvements for existing processes and presented ta management.
Customer Service Representative, 03/2014 - 12/2015
Eastman Chemical Company -- Danita Beach, FL
« Educated customers on special pricing opportunities and company offerings.
« Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.
* De-escalated problematic customer concerns, maintaining calm, friendly demeanor.
* Fielded customer complaints and queries, fast-tracking them for problem resolution.
« Assisted customers in making payments on accounts and setting up payment plans.
¢ Provided outstanding service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns and developing solutions..
« Asked probing questions to determine service needs and accurately input information into electronic systems.
¢ Upheld strict quality control policies and procedures during customer interactions..
e Reviewed customer account information to determine current issues and potential solutions.
* Confirmed delivery of orders and troubleshot missed delivery dates, shortages and overages.
¢ Consulted with customers to determine best methods to resolve service and billing issues.
« Informed customers about billing procedures, processed payments and provided payment option setup assistance.
* Built client rapport while accurately processing repair documentation and troubleshooting technical discrepancies through completion.
« Escalated customer concems, store issues and inventory requirements to supervisors.
© Secured client retention by driving service and product benefits, features and recommendations around clients’ needs.
« Remained constantly aware of customer activity to ensure safe and secure shopping environment.
Cashier Supervisor, 08/2012 - 01/2014
Scheels Sports — Saint Cloud, MN
« Counted tills for beginning of shift with start money and balanced and reconciled register at end of shift.
« Greeted customers and responded to requests for information.
* Called for back up cashiers during peak times to minimize wait time for customers.
¢ Handled customer complaints and concems and escalated to direct supervisor for quick resolution.
« Supported front end procedures to keep items well-stocked to prevent shrinkage.
¢ Processed exchanges and retums by inputting in company database.
e Supervised counting cash drawers and making bank deposits in compliance with store opening and closing procedures.
« Connected with customers daily to understand needs, provide assistance and collect feedback to optimize operations.
¢ Built and maintained working relationships with peers and upper management,
* Rectified discrepancies between accounting records and cash drawer by researching daily transactions to pinpoint issues.
* Mentored employees and instructed on management of complicated sales, complex issues and difficult customers.
* Maintained inventory accuracy by counting stock-on-hand and reconciling discrepancies.
* Authorized discounts and special actions to resolve customer disputes and maintain satisfaction.
* Met high productivity standards in processing payments for customers.
¢ Resolved customer problems by investigating issues, answering questions and building rapport.
* Organized and updated schedules to optimize coverage for expected customer demands.
¢ Motivated higher sales through incentives, reward-based programs and positive reinforcement of good sales practices.
« Reviewed store policies and made changes to streamline operations and increase productivity.
* Reviewed sales reports to enhance sales performance and improve inventory management accuracy.
° Maintained detailed and accurate accounting records by overseeing documentation of sales, purchases and requisitions.
« Maintained professional store appearance by inspecting checkout areas and directing team members in cleaning, trash removal and other
actions.
© Oversaw work of cashiers to identify strengths and weaknesses in customer service, payment processing or merchandising plans and
maximize performance.
* Devised promotional plans to target and move excess stock, high-profit items and soon-to-expire merchandise for easy sale.
oo EDUCATION AND TRALENG
High School Diploma: 01/2007
NIGER GRAMMAR SCHOOL - ENUGU
na COMPELS EMENTS
* Consistently maintained high customer satisfaction ratings.
* Customer Assistance - Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently completed all assigned tasks, working overtime
as needed.
© Multi-tasking - Cashiered with two cash registers at once in tandem to maximize customer flow:
« Computed Data Reports - Provided required weekly, monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records.
« Sales - Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.
« Customer Service - Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
* Developed relationships with 50 new clients and typically exceeded sales goals by 75%
* Improved delivery of watches by shipping out early, realizing overall increase in customer satisfaction and cost efficiency.
* Negotiated with vendors, saving the company #500,000 naira annually.
TF TT CERIFLICATIONS RM
« Certified Public Accountant (CPA)
¢ Certified accountant, Hilca Oil Company - 2016
e Certified baker, Fidia cakes - 2015