JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Detail-oriented Accountant with 22 years of effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale financial organizations.
History working as part of a financial team to manage diverse financial functions, tax management, and reporting. Works closely with executive
management on complex accounting structures. .
TT TTT SELLS HO ?P. TY
« Account Reconciliation Processes * General Ledger Accounting
* Customer Relations ¢ Fiscal Budgeting Knowledge
« MS Office Suite ¢ Superior Attention to Detail
* Partnership Accounting * Intuit QuickBooks
« Accounts Payable and Receivable ° Interviewing and Counseling
« Accounting System Design e Prepare Budgets
¢ Financial Statements ¢ GAAP Accounting Practices
— _ Work Hs TORY
Accountant, 03/2022 - Current
Black & Veatch Corporation — New Castle, DE Chattanooga
* Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.
« Automated 20 million-a-year AP process
« Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating, and cash and banking
reconciliations.
« Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.
e Converted Desktop QuickBooks to Quickbooks online to Set up to meet business needs and maximize operational success.
* Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.
* Improved efficiency of data collection, analysis, and modeling to enhance practices and increase customer retention.
* Proactively researched technical tax issues related to consulting projects.
Controller, 11/2014 - Current
Carelink — Dalton
* Managed budgets, assets, portfolios, accounts payable and receivable and general financial reporting procedures.
¢ Managed daily financial functions in collaboration with accounting and payroll personnel.
* Managed payroll data entry and processing for all 46 employees to comply with predetermined company guidelines.
¢ Prepared balance sheets, cash flow reports, and income statements.
* Supervised accurate, efficient, and compliant completion of monthly financial reporting packages.
¢ Accurately completed financial statement audits and thoroughly reviewed results.
e Provided treasury and cash management by overseeing the reconciliation of banking activity, credit card processing, and sales tax retums.
* Directed corporate decision-making and planning by monitoring and setting policies and procedures to optimize fiscal performance.
* Mitigated risk by implementing intemal controls and safeguards for revenues and expenditures,
* Worked with 2 executives to create an annual budget and track actual expenses against projected expenses.
* Reviewed contracts financially impacting the company and counseled executive leaders on the impact contracts would have on company
operations.
Director of Finanace, 04/2019 - 02/2022
Banfield Pet Hospital — Chattanooga, TN
* Developed accounting procedures to accommodate needs of company that doubled in size in 12 months.
« Hired and directed teams to achieve daily and long-term operations and business goals.
¢ Worked closely with organizational Jeadership strategically affect operational direction.
* Managed daily operations while overseeing staff of 5.
¢ Monitored office workflow and administrative processes to keep operations running smoothly.
« Delegated assignments based on plans, project needs, and knowledge of individual team members.
* Directed staff and managed annual capital budget.-
¢ Focused teams on developing innovative and cutting-edge approaches with effective resource allocation and strategic planning.
* Made recommendations for changes in funding process and policies based on data and judgment.
Owner, 03/2006 - 12/2018
Stewardship For Life — City, STATE Ringgold
« Managed day-to-day business operations.
« Consulted with customers to assess needs and propose optimal solutions.
* Trained and motivated employees to perform daily business functions.
e Enhanced operational efficiency and productivity by managing budgets, accounts and costs.
« Recruited, hired and trained initial personnel, working to establish key internal functions and outline scope of positions for new
organization.
« Remained up-to-date on current trends and attended industry trade shows and markets to view and order inventory.
« Established, optimized and enforced business policies to maintain consistency and high-quality standards across industry operations.
« Founded and managed service business, growing revenue to $200,000 in first year.
° Generated revenues yearly and effectively capitalized on industry growth.
* Reduced personnel turnover and promoted employee development by recruiting team-oriented candidates and implementing new training
practices.
a. EB tat ICN ROO
Associate of Arts: Accounting, 09/2001
Chattanooga State - Chattanooga
« 3.9 GPA
* summa cum laude graduate