Robere Simrh Phone (128) 436 78 98
Heanitipa Teachar ; Website 7 yootcuidkReuroe.cony
Agriculture Teacher «ae inkealn: inkedlin.com/qvdlkresurme,
Address: 1737 Marshvilie Road, Alabarna,
SUMMARY
A self-motivated and able to work both In depe ndently and as a collaborative team member:
Looking to obtaln’a position where one can further develop skills: and knowledge In the customer
service. industry while working for.a company that will allow growing persorially and professionally.
SKILLS
“Organization; Inventory Management, Coordinating; Planning; Managing; Strong Leadership,
WORK EXPERIENCE
Agriculture Teacher __ —
ABC Corporation- August. 2003 - january 2012" a
+ Encouraged discusslon of class materlalto promote.critical thinking:
+ Established positive relationships with students, parents, colleaques, and administrators,.
+ Supervised and directs the daily work of 65-stuclents, 7
+ Emphasizéd Shop Safety. -
+ Talight grades 9-12 In classroom and laboratory environments, ee
* Subjects taught Include plant and animal sclence, construction management, environmental,
'Sc¢lence, forestry, woodworking, welding, business, 6te |
* Taught Sth - 12th-grade’students woodvrorking Taught classes of 25-30 students shop work
and class lecture:
Agriculture’ Teacher
Delta Cotpotation -2004'- 2008
+ ‘Encouragéd discussion of class materlal'to prornote éritical thinking, =,
+ Established positive relationships wilth students; parents, colleagues, and administrators.
+ Supeérvised.and directs the dally work of 65-students:
« Emphasized ShopSafety”
* Taught grad@s 9-12 in classroom and laboratory environment.
« Subjects taught Include plant and animal science, construction managernent, environmental
sclence, forestry, woodworking, welding, business, ete co ;
* Taught 9th.- 1 2th-grade students woodworking Taught classes of 25-3 0 studerits shop work
-and class lecture. °° eee NRE as rac
EDUCATION
Master of Sclence [n Agriculture Sclence-.1972(Callfornla Polytechnic State University):
“Ql THE Eros Bids une Template ss the copyright of Gwikrésurne. com. s3yo Gubtelings