CLAIRE SUMMARY
Self-motivated accountant offering a strong work ethic and determination to complete tasks in a
. resumesample@example.com timely manner. Accurate and detail-oriented with extensive auditing and finance knowledge.
& (555) 432-1000
9 ‘Aontgomery Street, San
: Francisco, CA 94105
HIGHLIGHTS ACCOMPLISHMENTS
- Complex problem solving Achieved an internal audit score of 95%.
+ Strong communication skills Promoted to Auditor after just 3 months of employment.
+ Expert in customer relations Boosted quality ratings by 85% by developing new processes and improving work flow.
« Portfolio management ,
© A
+ Proficient in Microsoft Office EXPERIENCE
+ Microsoft Excel expert
- Risk management expertise Apartment Income Reit Corp. - Accountant
Financial statement analysis Nashua, NH + Current - 08/2014
General ledger accounting » Prepare unpaid reports on actual expenses for marketing line of business.
» Create and maintain pending and process able database. ;
+ . Prepare and setup vendor purchase orders contracts as well as CRX templates.
+ Verify funding and SAP project code against the most recent budget/forecast submission.
EDUCATION » Key invoices into ePurchase system as well as approve and reconcile invoices.
Cecil County Community College + Track invoices from submission to payment on database.
Flkt + Monitor invoice central mailbox that will include invoice submission by marketers, purchase order
on; MA « 2012 request.
_ Accounting Certificate: + Respond to marketing or other internal staff inquiries regarding vendor invoices and templates as
Accounting well as analytical request.
Cecil County Community College Special projects as required.
Elkton, MA « 2012 Ut Health San Antonio - Accounting Coordinator Associate
Performing Payrall in QuickBooks Laredo, TX + 08/2011 - 03/2014
2009 Certificate: Payroll + Prepare and modify excel pivot table reports as well as reconcile and balance.
a . . + Analyze data within pivot table and HSA databases.
Wilmington University + Assist business analyst in gathering and analyzing large sets of complex data.
New Castle, DE + 2011 » Create and run HSA exceptions and paid reports.
Bachelor of Science: General » Respond to marketing, brokers, clients and other internal staff inquiries regarding account setup,
Studies exceptions, disbursements and payments as well as analytical request.
General Studies + Conduct routine audits as needed as well as generate monthly reports on findings.
+ Setup all financial and personal information for new groups.
+ Served as liaison for marketing, brokers and clients to resolve member issues or the setup of new
accounts.
» Assisted with testing, identifying gaps and recommending new improvements on processing work
more efficiently. :
Capstone Logistics - Auditor
Buda, TX * 01/2007 - 07/2011
+ Led cross-functional teams to analyze and understand the operational impacts and opportunities of
technology changes.
+ Developed metrics used to determine inefficiencies and areas for improvement. Tracked, analyzed
and interpreted trends in [Data type] data.
» Documented process flows and developed requirements for functional improvements and
enhancements.
+ Conducted activity-based analysis of business processes and made recommendations based on the
findings.
+ Review and identify daims reviewers errors and determine the cause of the error and provide
written audit documentation regarding audit observation.
+ Analyze and review response to audit observations and facilitate corrective action plan.
+ Collaborated with directors and managers to investigate questionable issues and failed compliance
procedures.
+ Acted as a Team Lead for additional team support as well as point of contact for the Review
Department to ensure teams are in compliance and deficiency codes were used effectively.
+ Monitored new processes, policies and work flow strategies that were implemented by leadership.
+ Educated new hires and newly promoted employees on standard of job duties.
+ Held Side-by-Side sessions with Reviewers to deliver direct audit feedback from sampled work.
+ Provided subject matters export support to enhance the proprietary systems.
* Enhancements resulted in increased accurate measurements of deficiency codes, improved
reporting and positively impacted reviewer's efficiency ‘
+ Consulted with department peers to address weekly trending errors and formulated solutions.
+ Document sessions to track reviewer's progress and provide improvement based on my analysis.
Johnson & Johnson - Claims reviewer
Pittsburgh, PA + 01/2007 - 03/2007
Process, verify and analyze submitted asbestos claims to determine alleged disease eligibility.
Locates and interprets complex information such as depositions and medical records from a number of
databases in order to process claims.
Identifies error trends and notifies the appropriate areas for correction and educating the necessary
parties. ‘
Trained and coached lower level claims reviewer.
Wells Fargo Financial Acceptance - Payment Analyst
City, STATE » 11/2004 - 02/2007
» Processed over 1,000 customer monthly auto loan payments.
» Raview/Reconcile general ledgers.
» Researched and resolved misapplied payments as well as payment inaccuracies.
» Reviewed monthly financial statements Responded timely and accurately to inquiries on customer
payments.
+ Corrected non-payment related discrepancies.
+ _ Performed other duties as assigned by supervisor or manager.
Wilmington Trust Bank - Trust Control Reconciliation Specialist
City, STATE « 10/1999 - 10/2004
» Process and reconciles a variety of securities and cash related transactions.
» Identified, research and resolve processing errors, and take necessary actions to balance
differences.
+ Responsible for creating general ledgers and daily balancing of activity in trust accounts.
+ Ensured proper safekeeping of bank and customer assets.
* Recognized and proactively address risk associated with consumer compliance and fair lending.
SKILLS
Accounting, balance, budget, business analyst, Call Center, Cash Management, closing, contracts,
Critical Thinking, client, clients, databases, database, documentation, Financial, financial
statements, leadership, Team Lead, marketing, excel, mail, MS Office Suites, Payroll, policies,
processes, progress, Quality Assurance, QuickBooks, relationship management, reporting, research,
Risk Management, SAP, securities, statistics, supervisor, phone, written
SKILLS