JESSICA SUMMARY
C LAI R E Experienced Accountant proficient in laws and procedures governing business operations, tax filings
and regulatory compliance. Handles detail-oriented work in methodical and organized fashion.
Leverages field expertise, resourcefulness and diligence to make positive impact on business
. resumesample@example.com operations. Adept at managing budgets, payroll, invoicing and all other general accounting functions.
; Instrumental in keeping business operations fully compliant and working within budgetary guidelines.
& (555) 432-1000 Demonstrated strong analytical and communication skills while leading teams in a collaborative
environment. Fastidious in tracking all expenses and reconciling accounts. General worker with
Montgomery Street, San experience performing variety of technical tasks relative to assigned areas of responsibility.
9 Francisco, CA 94105
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
TRAINING Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. - Accountant
Early College High School At Los Angeles, CA + 07/2075 - Current
Timberview + Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting,
Mansfield TX donating and all types of cash and banking reconciliations.
Mansfield Independent School + Strengthened financial management processes to bring errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll
District administration and general bookkeeping.
Expected to graduate May 2022 + Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for
with an associates degree preparation of annual 1095 forms.
Tarrant county college courses to » Reconciled accounts and reviewed all materials, including surplus, income, expense data, net worth
include concentration in Aerospace and assets.
Engineering - Accurately documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.
+ Improved efficiency of operations, including data collection, analysis and modeling, to enhance
SKILLS practices and increase customer retention. ,
- Excellent Managerial Techniques * Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.
+ Superior attention to detail In-Terminal Services - Customer Service Representative
- Budgeting Los Angeles, CA + 01/2015 - Current
+ Financial Management ;
+ International sales support + Regularly exceeded daily sales and product add-on quotas. ; ; ;
+ Creative problem solving + Used company troubleshooting resolution tree to evaluate technical problems while leveraging
+ Technical Support personal expertise to find appropriate solutions. ; —
+ Warehousing functions + Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.
« Good listening skills . Educated customers on promotions to enhance sales. ; ;
« Welding + Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer
« Accounting needs and resolving concerns.
+ Spreadsheets + Evaluated account and service histories to identify trends, using data to mitigate future issues.
+ Wiring Diagrams: + Cultivated customer loyalty, promoted repeat customers and improved sales. .
- Proficient in MS office + Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information.
+ Advanced Bookkeeping Skills + Consulted with outside parties to resolve discrepancies and create effective solutions.
+ Self-motivated professional » Assisted customers with setting appointments, shipping and special order requests, and arranging
+» Schedule Management merchandise pick-up at other locations.
+ Complaint resolution + Fielded customer questions regarding available merchandise, sales, current prices and upcoming
» Sales expertise company changes.
+ Money handling abilities Aimbri on
+ Administrative support imbridge Hospitality - Worker
Ppo| Wilmington, DE + 01/2015 -. Current
¢ Account management
+ Multi-line phone talent + Collaborated with management, technical crew members and fellow supervisors to organize
+ Repair efficient operations and achieve demanding schedule targets. ;
+ Machine Operation + Identified and implemented strategic plans based on accurate readings of specifications and solid
« Predictive and Preventive collaboration with project leadership.
Maintenance + Maintained work areas by cleaning and straightening for maximum productivity and safety.
« Environmental Compliance + Offered exceptional customer service to all guests.
+ Adhered to company policies, safety procedures and performance standards.
+ Used measuring tools such as gauges and tape measure to identify conforming parts during
production. ,
* Produced parts and assemblies quickly and efficiently within tolerances.
+ Loaded, unloaded and moved material to and from storage and production areas.
+ Maintained and repaired facilities, equipment and tools to achieve operational readiness, safety
and cleanliness.
+ Measured dimensions of finished workpieces for conformance to specifications, using precision
measuring instruments, templates and fixtures.
» Performed general housekeeping and cleaning tasks, including, sweeping, pulling weeds, painting
“and power washing.
» Supported External field crews to maximize quality and work efficiency.
» Delegated assignments based on prior plans, project needs and knowledge of individual team
members.