Mark Curry
an 3 Accountant
4
a Yom PROFILE
Ath , |
Mark is considered an expert at manszing a company’s finances and looking
afer its scoounts. He is able to perform mathematical cakcubtions with speed
as well as seruracy and can be refer! upon to provide accurate and trustworthy
CONTACT information about feancial transactions. He is confident in his ability to play 3
. Strategic role in any business. Currently looking for a sultab’e accounting role.
Dayjob.com, St Pauls Square
Barmingham 518 6NF CAREER
———s
Phone |
0123 456 7890 2016-Present Accountant Company name
“Responsible for ensuring the smogth running of the accounts
email department. Advising and updating the company Director on
info@dayjob.com regularities or concerns about invoices & financial matters. :
. Verifarg financial documents for accuracy and completeness.
Linkedin. .
finkedin.com/yourname 2015 - 2016 Accountant Company name
Maintaming the quailty of financial controls. Organising and
to-orndinating the work of punior accounting personnel,
Locating errors in accounting records. Assisting colleazues in
PROFESSIONAL other departments with preparation of the annua! budget.
Experience of working directly 2014-2015 Accountant. Compeny Rome
alongside the Head of Reviewing monthly departmental Profit and Losses. Assisting
Finance. with financial and tax audits. Detecting and preventing fraud_
. Controtling income and expenditure. Completing tax returns.-
Very good at streamlining a : :
company's our compliance 2013-2014 Account fo
and accounts preparaton. cpuntant . mpany fame
oo. Respontible for drafting responses ta queries in respect of
Completing detailed complex submitted accounting computations and financial matters.
reconciliations to tight : - , . . . —
deadlines.
SKILLS
* Abdity t present complex ——_—
financial data to a non- Protecting wealth through effective & legal rac ptanning.
socounting audience, Very Focused and able to workin an environment where
A strong interested in there are frequent interruptions and distractions.
financial services and banking.
Respect for diversity and ACADEMIC |
sensitivity to other cultures,
2011-2014 Course details University name.
REFERENCES 2009-2011 Course details College name
Lo . 2005 - 2009 Course details "School name
Available on request. Maths {A} English (8)