Rober: Simrch __ Phone (133) 436 78 99
nnior drchite ; Website 7 yootcuidkReuroe.cony
Junior Architect «ae inkealn: inkedlin.com/qvdlkresurme,
Address: 1737 Marshvilie Road, Alabarna,
SUMMARY
An architectural designer with excellent technical skills and design abilities: More than 2'years of
éxperlence In programming, design development, construction. documents, construction
adrninistratlon’and 3D renderings: (0 ns
SKILLS
“Adabe Photashop, Autocad, Revit, Sketch Up.3 D Studio Max:
WORK EXPERIENCE
Junior Architect
ABC Cofpétatfon - 2003 - 2006
* Managed varlous stages of real estate development projects. Including residential and
Anstitutional projects. 9 7
+ Workedfassisted on design, planning, zaning, enérgy and environmental aspects of project,
+ Coordinated with consultants and contractor to solvé problems. related to various projects,
+) Préparéd Comprehensive plan for Hill resort at Yelagirl,
* Developed conceptuial plan using AULOCAD (2006) Illustrating major land ust: of. the proposed
- comprehensive plan.. ; me ~
« Created: graphic presentatlons using Photoshop, scaled project models and. supervised on-site
- construction. . ‘ a '
+ Prepared reports for the client meeting Skills Used AutoCAD, Photoshop, Microstatlon,MS-
' Office. ‘
Junior Architect: a
DI Domenico + Partners, LLP-1998- 2003 oo, oo
+ Long Island City; NY Leads Construction Administration tasks for varlous Public School projects
vas a consultant to the New York City Schoal Construction Authority, 6...
+ Implements quality.control of bidding documents priorta submission totheSCa,
+ Collaborates;with the contractor and the SCA to align on project. correspondence procedures.
and.cadence of meetings
+ Serves as primary contact For all contractor Requests Far Information, shop drawings, product:
Information, and executes Change Orders when field conditions or design errors occur” 7
+ Manayeés Progress Meetings, Meeting Minutes, production.of Fleld Reports, as yell as ensuring
‘ quality‘of construction In adherence to the contract documents
+- Contributes to the close aut requirements by creating the.punch ist, reviewing as-bullt _
‘drawings ‘and filing past approval amendments withthe SCABCCorthaNYCDOB. ~
> This. ls Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant.to your current role,
EDUCATION.
Master's In Land scape Architecture - 2009(Schoot-of planning & Architecture - Delhi, Delhi}
“Ql THE Eros Bids une Template ss the copyright of Gwikrésurne. com. s3yo Gubtelings