A “Phone:'ti23) 456 72 99
Property Accountant Email: Info@quwikresume:com
Wo : A. Website; vews.dwikiesuirne.com
R OB ERT S M IT H. Linkedin:
, Inkedinicom/qulkresurne:
Address; 1737 Marshyllle Road,
Alabama.
Objective.
Self:motlvatéd and detall-orlented proféssional seeking a position where my knowledge of the
Accounting Profession and abllity to learn new tasks: quickly'can be utilized In a fast-paced
business environment. , ° ae
Skills
Accounts Recelyable, Data Entry, ‘Quick books Pro, Quick Learner; Tralning, Timber line.
Work Experience
Property Accountant’
ABC. Corporation - March 1999 July 2007°
+ Prepared monthly reconciliations for 23 rétal! properties and 3 apartment bulldings.
+ Calculated manthly management fees and asset rnanagernent fees, — an
+ Dally cash managernent Including A'R,A/P, payroll submission ford etnployeds and billing,
+ Communicated with property managers-and owners regarding the financial status.of thelr |
properties... , . Lon
+ Calculated CAM estimates andreconcilations: =
+ Met finance and office services financial objectives by preparing annual budgets for each
“property ee
* Prepared and campleted action plans by enforcing policlés and procedures,
Property Accountant.
ABC Corporatian - 1992 - 1999
+ Analyzed all balance sheet’and income statement accourits and prepare the appropriate
“acertaland adjusting Journal entries,
+ Revievied property vendor Involces Into the AVP systern in preparation for cash disbursements:
Of such payabless
* Prepared monthly accrual basis financial report for investors:
« Provided monthly variance explanation for investors; | i. a as .
+ Prepared detailed quarterly and year.end support papers and Interface with the Cornpanys,
outside auditors. oo, : - os Lo : a .
+ Complied with financial reporting requirements of yvarlous loan and parthership agreements
. Including preparatlan of GAAP basis firanclal statements for applicable properties, .
+” Prepared budgets, and 'reforecast forlmvestors.; “°° "7" ees
Education
Assoclate In Business Managerment/Accounting - 2009{Aoneer Pacific College - Wilsonville” OR)
® This Free Resume Templateéis the copyright of Qwikresume.com.: Usage
Suideli 2,