oof ° a,
(1 Richard Jones, Architect DETAILS
AS NEW YORK, 10005, USA - example@email.com 9 Wall St
| New York, 10005, USA
890-555-0401
PROFILE DATE / PLACE OF BIRTH
, 1989/20/03
“A professional, creative and innovative Architect with 10 years experience. I provide best- New York
fit architectural solutions for 5 projects a year with an average budget of $10 million. |
Technology consultation, assisting in defining scope and sizing of work, support NATIONALITY
opportunity identification and pursuit processes are the essential parts of my role as an
Architect. I have professional communication skills to interact with all levels of American
management and clients’.
DRIVING LICENSE
| | Full
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Senior Architect, Equifax LINKS
Feb 2014 — Present, New York
Linkedin
As an Architect, I am a creative and innovative problem-solver. My primary focus is to realize the
vision or our clients.
© Assist the client with review and approval of contractor's submittals SKILLS
° Apply knowledge of relevant International Regulations regarding the design of projects C .
reative
° Perform operational support and analysis for an assigned area
© Participate in the development of specifications, policies, and procedures for the assigned Effective
area communication
o Ensure that architectural design work is organized with project staff
© Apply engineering disciplines by keeping clear and frequent communication Reliable
° Review projects to ensure that applicable codes, standards, and procedures are followed and
that quality is satisfactory . .
© Provide oversight in the development of required project scopes and cost estimates for Attention to detail
construction contract purposes
© Prepare estimates for fees and construction contracts Analyst
© Provide technical and administrative guidance to colleagues in preparing construction
drawings and specifications Innovative
© Seek new work by marketing and giving presentations
° Prepares and provide high-level briefs to senior leadership Problem-solving
Architect, Planate Management Group
HOBBIES
Apr 2009 — Feb 2014, New York
Under the supervision of the Senior Architect, I created and implemented 20 innovative high- Reading, walking,
quality solutions per year. I led and participated in 3 sales projects per month (projects with a cooking
budget of up to $2 million) and met 2 potential clients a month.
© Provide technical review and oversight of the design-build process for new projects
°o Ensure that designs are within federal and local codes concerning health, safety, and
environment of real property facilities
° Study and recommends equipment and design solutions for various projects
° Oversee various stages of the construction process
° Troubleshoot multiple issues and suggest solutions to problems