‘ |
samplelResumenavisualfArts
 DONOT COP: Yale ahecdnotia |
' copy the sampic, butt ustit to generaie i
Karyn Curator 1. Kebas to create your oan renumne. H
0423 567 890 / kaz curatorSigmad. com / wew.dazkreations. com werent
Education
Master of Visual Arts" Feb 2014 — Current
Manas? Linversty
{Due for compfznon Maly 2915)
Bachelor of Visual and Media Arts * Feb 2010 = Nov 2013
Professional Development
"How to Use Social Networking’ Sept 2013
Arts Ireubator
= Ondne retwoddng techadogies Induding Linkeds, Facebook, Tritter, Maddcimp and Hoctautte
AssistantCurator Feb — June 2013 °
BO", Fata Gay, Meioume . aaa
e = Prenared and coorinated all tavelarangenen's acd infor maan for artists and VIP quests
e = Giaisad and nagotiatad vith artists regarding instaTaton timing and placamiant - . .
= Coodnated marketing indudng intavevs veth arpss for MX, Leader Nevspapers, France Magazine and Tripie R.
rado ,
ay Managed al sas at frovt of hou acosaely using EFTPOS, cash ficat ard invoce bock
e = Negetated sporsorship resuitng in véne bang provided free of chasge at opaneng
Assistant Curator - ; Aug = Nov 2012
Domestic Gecbless (12 artists) Bindade Galery, Port Mabourne ; mo
e «Maintained dstabase, budget charts and spreadsheets of costs and contact detals
» = Widoomad quests ip the gazary, providing informatica and onentaiion assscng with enquiries
e Recorded acavee exhdton attencance and figures daly :
ee) «6(Mantinad atvak acd bucdng seanty procedires
e = Petormad acmingaa tive and ward processing tases inducing invitatons Ests and RSVP management
Adievemert: .
« © Interacted with vesitors resutting in 12 art works bemg sdd = sales exceating expactaiiors
‘Selected Group Exhibitions and Coabora tens
2012
e «©The Aesthetics of by, Nolo Galery \Whamsorm, small draaings and scupzures
» The Qraving tacting Fad Galay fbar Meiboume, large od paintings
= Making a Lining Gorker Galery Fitzroy, pantng :
© AG Vacarp; Monash students find! year edbcdon, panting and sadnture
2011" .
e = Leave it ta Fait, Pace Galery Richmond, pacntig .
e = Secret Life, Monash students final ysarextiition, minting and safpire