; a a tei a eg nee
Robert Smith __, Phone (123}456-7a99
Email: lofosowikresurme.cony:
we oa Websibe 1 weet, qwikresume, CON),
Revenue Accountant __ Unkedin: linkedin. com/qvelkresume
Addréss: 1737 Marshvillé Road, Alabarna’
SUMMARY
Revenue Accountant I!/tll with 8 years of experience Is seeking to obtaina challenging and
rewarding position that will utilize my finance and accounting abillites...
SKILLS
Forex Management,.Forecasting, Budgeting And Projections, Financial Statements Analysis, ,
Treasury And Corporate Finance Functions, Financial Modeling, Analytical, Project Accounting,’
Fluent In Ms Office - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Excellent Communication, SAP FI Madule,
WORK EXPERIENCE
Revenue Accountant
Devon Energy - March 2012 -Present. ; . a ; .
+ Analyzing revenue:on over 1.5 million barrels of oll including analysis on special lease:
provisions, a division of interest, as well as compléx manual Journal entries Gn account
Reconciliations.
+. Selected by the Managernent to assist in the transition of all spring revenue-accounting:
_ operations to Oklahoma city ‘during Ol-and-Q2 of 2016.0 PO
« Assisting In the implementation of SAP, andthe conversion trom the AS400systern In 2012,
« Developing a career path document for the first seven accounting roles; and developing |
targetéd training bundles for each accounting level to Imprave the employee knowledge base’
~ and training through targeted development specific-to the employees level of-operation within
‘Devon. presented to all fnéndal and operations.accounting VPs, Directors, Managers, and :
- Supervisors, distributed to all accountants within Devon, © 0 ee
* . Wrote procedures published to all revenue accounting groups and division orders for: .
processes in SAP.for updated pay decks, transfers, reverse/rebooks, flare gas, DCP database,
as lift, and volume deficiencies... ee met
+ Training neve team merbers:and helping facilitate the Intem tralning and management.
+: Completing the several |DPs working.on leadership development and.employee management,
“strategies,
Revenue Committee Chairman
+ . Maintained, verified and posted transactions intd different types of accounting software.
« Reconciled the financial reports;-such‘as balance sheet and profit and loss'statements:
+ Entered checks, Involces, bills intd the clients&rsquo; QuickBooks files elther.in-house or
‘oii, zt ne :WICNOUSE 0!
+ Contacted clients regarding Accounting matters:
« Pariicipated in planning, development, organization, evaluation, and Implementation of the
clients&rsquo; bookkeeping needs: eee
- Assisted in thé closing of various company books daily, weekly, monthly and/or quarterly,
* Accountable for Investigations.of discrepancies between. general |edgér amounts and bank,
EDUCATION:
‘D This Erse Resume Template is the copyright of QwikresUme.tom, Usage Gotdelines