ron Samantha Butworth
\ pe | Staff Accountant
2 Profile Details
Experienced Certified Public Staff Accountant with 8+ years of experience 1515 Pacific Ave
in financial reporting, reconciliations, and P&L statements. Holds an MBA Los Angeles, CA 90291
plus a Business Valuations Certificate. Proven track record in financial United States
system overhaul resulting in improvements of up to 38% in terms of 3868683442
processing speed and accuracy. email@email.com
Place of birth
© Employment History San Antonio
Staff Accoutnant at YBY Banking, Las Cruces oo.
January 2021 — April 2021 Driving license
Responsible for the supervision of a team and people management in Full
line with the HR Tools and Policies and take full responsibility for the
team’s performance. Links
. . Linkedin
¢ Netted payment runs and ensured the posting of transactions Pinterest
were properly executed. . . Resume Viking Templates
. Ensured that intercompany reconciliations with non-FSS . Build this template
countries (and AG) were performed timely and accurately, with
open items cleared timeously. Skills
¢ Organized the team’s daily workload including incorporating new ;
Quickbooks
tasks. ee
¢ Ensured the effective processing, collaboration, and solving of Microsoft Excel
issues across various teams and departments. a
» Oversaw and assisted with documentation for the year-end or Accounts Payable
interim audit. - .
Financial Reporting
Staff Accountant, Niederkassel Due Diligence
January 2017 — December 2020 ee ere
Responsible for SOX controls and the improvement of current SOX Hobbies
controls. Worked with Management and Internal Audit to implement teas ae
ae | . a, Athletics, Swimming, Enduro
any additional necessary controls for all regional and local banks in the
Group. Languages
« Ensured monthly GL account reconciliations are performed English
timeously for related accounts. ——u—————
« Provided special project support as assigned. French
« Monitored and managed segregation of duties (SOD) risk.
« Assisted in the documentation and testing of internal controls.
@ Education
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), Association for Investment
Management & Research (AIMR), Tampa
April 2021 — April 2021