at PETER CONNOLLY 7
Ere Senior Concept Artist | |
Key ; @ johndoe@email.com 9 Los Angeles, CA
STRENGTHS SUMMARY
| reative and analytical Senior Concept Artist wi + years of experience in
A Creat d lytical S Cc t Artist with 6 f
Analyzedkl OOssgame eaneaais, top-level game concept design. Skilled in developing high-quality concept art
weatktngino Swe nese in . based on a deep understanding of world settings, aesthetics, and cultural
(conceptaLuqualitys influences. Proficient in analyzing the production pipeline of concept art and
: exploring new aesthetics features. Experienced in combining different
Ca EfficienuconceptAny aesthetic types, such as modern and classic, and Sci-Fi and fantasy. Strong
Production interest in Oriental/Modern fantasy style.
GeaGlines witin a CH Gln EXPERIENCE
Sauistacuionirates TTT TT TTT
| | Senior Concept Artist 2018 - 2021
Aesthetic or ,
& Aosin SNe aun TiMi Studio Shenzhen, China
‘Combined e A aaestnetics
ty Desjtoicreateltniquezand) Designed and developed top-level game concepts and art style for multiple award-
ViSUallVastUnningralLtepiecess winning games. Analyzed and explored different aesthetic types, such as modern
and classic, and Sci-Fi and fantasy. Conducted long-term exploration of the art
style and aesthetic types of game IP. Produced high-quality concept art based ona
STALLS deep understanding of world settings and cultural influences.
rs * Developed the concept and art style of the game from start to finish, resulting in
ConceptyAarth over 10 million downloads and 4.5-star rating on app stores.
AK * Produced high-quality concept art for the game, resulting in a visually stunning
iKeyframe;concepubesigng and immersive game environment.
. _. a ¢ Analyzed and explored different aesthetic types to create a unique and
Digital Painting ZAdobelphotoshopy appealing game art style, resulting in a positive user feedback and high user
Artisticicenses retention rate.
Concept Artist 2015 - 2018
ACMEVEMENTS Electronic Arts Los Angeles, CA
—S—SsaSSa—a—awowmauouwsn>__ Created and developed concept art for AAA game titles. Collaborated with art
wy Leae) Comecat Aniist directors and game designers to ensure the visual style and quality of the game.
oo & waver Leo Analyzed and explored different aesthetic types, such as modern and classic, and
aid) @ teaitn Gi paconcep falc ts Sci-Fi and fantasy. Conducted research on cultural influences and trends in game
toyproduceR|OOOT Ini) cieellay art
arc GAS HI Os * Produced high-quality concept art efficiently and effectively, resulting in
" reduced production time and cost.
. ¢ Analyzed the production pipeline of concept art and identified areas for
Gamel@oncepu optimization, resulting in a streamlined production process.
Developmen * Collaborated with art directors and game designers to ensure the visual style
Designediandidevelopeditns and quality of the game, resulting in a cohesive and visually stunning game
emetconce si ane) ett SAND GF environment.
AWARD:
omx\Vagamerauther020)
Poweredibyi CGY Ennancy) www.enhancv.com