ee
SUMMARY
Maxine sets the bar high, continvausly surpasses it, and has a Jot of fun doing it. She comes to with an impressive
y SUrp: se you pre:
portfolio af work, high energy, drive and a commitment to sucreed. With her present employer she is involved in working
on brochures, packaging, print and digits! advertising. Her keys strengths include her excellent drawing and illustration skills
and her ability to develop and impiement novel solutions to complex and open-ended prodiems. .
WORK EXPERIENCE
CONTACT ;
: ARTIST Companyname 2015-Present
>| Dayjob.com, Vyse Street Bham Responsible for producing stunning, high quaity artwork, and for
contributing Unique perspectives te the averadl display concept of a
0125 456 78906 project. Acsisting in the development of artistic content across
info @dayjob.com numerous platforms and objectives.
 € | Facebookcom/name .® Troubleshooting any reported virual effects related tues.
” © = Imotlved in the 30 modelling of characters and environments.
inj Unkedin.com/name ® . Budding and maintaining good client relationships at all levels.
“e Creating artwork that is accurate, consisvent and looks good.
ASTIST Company name 2016-2019
EDUCATION Creating dean and optimézed fdes in Phota shoo, Mustrator &
Indesign. Working with Internal and external clients on 3 wide variety
University name 2010-2014 : of materials. Carrying out final test and quality assusance checks on
Course details all work. Maintaining electronic art files and file lacations.
Modules . _ . .
«© Communicating expertly with artistic and non-srtistic people. :
College name” 2008 — 2010 © Constructing appealing 30 modets st various levels of detaal,
Course details “a Working on dynamic interactive props as well as static objects.
Subject
ARTST Companyname — 2015 - 2016
School name 2002-2008 Coordinsting regular meetings with the creative and marketing
Course details * teams. Priorttizing work to ensure that all deadlines are met.
English (A) = Collaborating with other artists and professionals to create art.
Maths (B) “e | Preparing artwork in accordance with customer specifications.
Physics {C} _ © > Coardinating regular meetings with the marketing teams. |
Geography (D)
" Technol . .
ay (FI - 3D ARTIST Company name 2014-2015
Responsible for the creation, implementation, design direction and
maintenance of 3D designs and assess, :
AREAS OF EXPERTISE j
e Developing high quality and innovative motion graphic content.
= Fine Art’ a Edating 8 Painting * .© Working with modelers and animators to create 3D art. .
«Sketching = Fashion =» Texthere
= Teamwork = Text here ® Text here REFERENCES Available on request.