1 Main Street. New Cilyland, CA 91010 | | C: (555) 322-7337 | exemple-email@example.com
SUMMARY -
Diligent Automotive Technician proficient in problem solving complex auto repair issues while’
consistently delivering quality service, Extensive hands-on experience in engine repairs and |
replacement. Certified in brokes, front end sleering, and suspension.
HIGHLUGHTS ; ;
Se e Diagnosis and repair: _ * Smallengine mechanics:
«. Preventative maintenance’ « Brake repair and replacement
« Suspension and alignment — e Analyticalability 5
e &ectricalsystems — . e Clean driving record
« Mathematical aptitude « Friendly people person
EXPERIENCE
08/2009 fo Current: . Automotive Technician
‘Henderson Automotive Repair - New Cityland, CA
' e@ Specialize in servicing brakes and fuel systems. ;
.» Communicate with customers regarding vehicle issues and potential
repairs.) es aia aa
« Organize work records and file reports...
*. Install liming gears and timing belts." ; oe.
* Order accurale amounts of parts and supplies to maintain necessary
: ; inventory.” , woe - , 7 ee
05/2006 fa 07/2009 AutomotiveTechnician | oo.
Graves Repair Shop - New Cilyland, CA
* Rebuilt andrepairedengines. ; ; ;
« Executed all phases of power sysiem tear down and repair.
« Removed and replaced fires, shocks, struts, and brakes, -
e Repaired and installed radiators and water pumps.
‘e «Contributed to repeal and referral business by using slrong cuslomer.
service ond problem solving skills, 7
12/2003 to 03/2006 _ Automotive Technician
‘Auto Dynamies - New Cilyland, CA. _ ce re
““« Examined vehicles fo determine the extent of damage or malfunctions.
« Followed checklists to verify Ihat allimportant parts were examined.
e Fixed of putin new bells, hoses, and steering systems.. 7
‘« Operated pneumatic tools and air compressors. ; .
« Complied with sale vehicle requirements, including engine safely and
combustion control standards.
EDUCATION . .
2002 Assoclate of Appliled Sclence: Automotive Technology
Talbott Technical University - New Cityland, CA. ‘
Coursework in Engine Repair, Suspension, Steering, Aulomotive HVAC, and
Broke Systems ; ; ‘