i
AND)) Alan Denton
{TAN _—
Knowledgeable auto mechanic with 12+ years’ experience servicing, repairing and 123 My Avenue,
performing diagnosties on cars and tucks. Excellent technical knowledge of domestic Billings, MT 67890
. a.denton@email.com
and imponed vehicles. Focused on adhering to safety compliance protocols while ‘
impo iv 2 u ering ty Comp pr ! whi (654) 321-0987
achieving quick turnarounds. Strong leadership skills with experience training teams of
mechanics to improve their understanding of technologies and customer service skills.. + .
° t
Education
Professi 1 Experi Associate of Applied Science in
roressional LxAperience Automotive Technology
. . City College at Montana State University
Lead Automotive Mechanic Billings, MT, September 2006 - June 2008
Midas Auto Service, Billings, IT February 2014 - Present
© Perform diagnostics on petrol and diesel vehictes using digital systems and Key Skills
generate appropriate solutions
© - Supervise a team of eight mechanics to endure safe working practices and @ Skilled written and verbal
consistent work quality communicator
® = Maintain up-to-date knowledge of emerging automotive Innovations and @ Comprehensive knowledge of
communicate crucial information to colleagues in CPD training sessions domestic and imported cars and
@ = Generate competitive quotes, invoice clients and process payments using the trucks
point-of-sale system @ Excellent proficiency using
diagnostic computer systems and
. . . invaicing softwar
Automotive Mechanic mvareng sollweare
John Deere Dealers, Billings, HT June 2008 - February 2014 * Gutstancing customer care and
commitment to providing
. high-quality service
@ = Inspected equipment for condition and safety and performed maintenance where BR-qUalty s¢
necessary
® = Completed repair and maintenance tasks on vehicle heating and air conditioning _ .
systems Certifications
@ = Checked suspension and wheel alignment on a wide range of vehicles and
performed tune-ups @ ASE ee einai
National Institute of Automotive
td] i ssionally wi i xplai hnicat faults, i .
Communicated professionally with clients to explain technical faults, repair Service Excellence, 2020
options and pricing