WORK EXPERIENCE
SOFTWARE ARCHITECT Cisco Systoms 2015-05 - Present
Chief Software Architect
—_— Responsibllities
« Collaborating with product line management toidentify, refine. andtranslate customer needs into concrete
SEAN ERVINE technical requirements.
« Working with strategic accounts across EMEA supporting operators In defining thelr 25 year IT strategies
Oly, State covering sdltware, integration, and business Lansformation needs
000-000-0006 » Supporting the custamers’ systems consclidation and processingwhere operator merger andacquisition had
emailvemalcon taken place.
« Laading architectural tasks and decisions across the current and future Cisco software portfolio.
__ = Coordinating activities including product development, protetype development, andimplementation
functions. all the way through from use-case creation though to customer delivery.
» Evaluating the canddate architectures and technologies through intemal prototyping ‘skunkworks* activities
SUMMARY In order ta drive improvements to software architectures tn crder to reduce integration casts or to suppart
new system features with the goal of reducing nlegration cost whilst adding new features.
Seasoned IT Professional with over yeas « Maintaining knowledge of industry standards and trends and act as “go-to" subject matter expert in key
experience, highly mouvated, goal-oriented and cevelopingtrends.
thriving to excel in software technologies. have
an imate desire for kecping up to-date with
technology and bullding prototypes. A Ogilvy 2010-10 = 2015-04
demenstratedhislery of delivery orientedwork ;
ethic for satisfied teammembers, leadership, and Lead Software Architect
clierts. Responsibilities
» Designed and developed a mobile-first responsive application with RESTIul web senices and APIs.
SKILLS « Adopted micro-serices for identified ue cases with a new tech slacki.e. NodeJS, MongoDB, Mailgun API.
; « Concepiualized andimplemented Reds caching in the application.
Team Leadership = Implemented email solution using Mailgua ESP.
ooo » Developed iOS app prototype for receipt processing using OCR AR.
» Developeda prototype for Integrating telephony and texting API tothe product sulte.
» Developedan email processor ETL tool using outlook VBA.
Strategic Planning « Designed andimplemented a data warehouse and Bl.
« Evaluated AWS and Azure toidentify provider and migrate infrastructure from managed virtualization tothe
ee cloud. :
« Worked on developing a go-to-market strategy by Comverting the prochct to SaaS on AWS: included defining
the tech stack developing a prototype and latec if approved, use it as an accelerator project.
Account Management
CCS
GE Healtheare 2006-06 - 2010-09
Software Architect
Product Development Responsibilities
—————— + Worked in one of the biggest projects of the company delivered for ‘the largest drug retailing chain in the
USA’,
« Supervised several intems who were performing their endof studies project within the company.
Project Management « Developed and created a local web application: a space for the employees where they coud find
Ss _ documentation, video recordings af workshop sessions held intemally, and photos of the events organized by
the company.
» Developeda web application used by the clients to communicate sensitive and highty secured configuration
Technology Consulting files.
» Develspeda mobile version Android and iOS) of one of our products. a cloud-basedweb Forecast. and
| replenishment application, communicating with a distributed backend system.
« Developeda dashboard to track in real time the available deployed assets in the cloud
INTERESTS
« Tennis « Snocker EDUCATION
* Boxing + Table Tenris STANFORD UNIVERSITY 2000 - 2003
Bachelor of Science In Computer Science
Stanford University 2003 - 2005
Master of Sciance in Computer Science