Rober: Simrch __ Phone (133) 436 78 99
nic ‘i / Website 7 yorscwilkmsurog. com
Senior Architect «ae inkealn: inkedlin.com/qvdlkresurme,
Address: 1737 Marshvilie Road, Alabarna,
SUMMARY
Designing the architecture of complete solutions as wellas managing project iife-cycles and
teams of engineers,
SKILLS
WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior Architect
ABC Corporation ~May-2012 ~ August 2015 . .
* Update Oracle Hyperion, Essbase ASO/BSO cubes with member modifications. o.
+ . Update Oracle Hyperlon Planning applications, Reviewing the Quantitles and the contractors.
Involeas, oe ee
+. Research business issues that ‘are reflected in Planning and Essbase,
«. Modify and-test Essbasé business rules and calc-Scripts. Bulld reports In Oracle Hyperion
’Financlal Reporting. ; ’ oo
« Develop Maxt seripts.and Windows batches toremotely muin.them... 0. 2.0...
* ‘Set up batch processes and schedules.to automate Oracle Hyperlon Financlal reports,
* Architectural Design confllet solutions, ‘créating detalls whenever néeded, Sita Supérvislon ahd
Inspections with quality checklists, 0 00" pe ees
Senior Architect _
ABC Corporation -:2009-'2012:
+ . Qver-a large-scale re-engineerlng effort of a mission critical project management systern for a:
-large Engineering and Constructlon company, soto oy
+ The'application consisted of. more than 400 SQLForms 3.0 character-base ‘screens and
processes,,
* The database was re-engineered from’an.Oracle ROBMS version 6;x to. an Oracle.RDBMS,
verslon Fx. Te a
+ All.Screens were re-designed fora Windows-based cllent-server architecture utillzing Oracle.
Designer and Developer - ae
* Additional activities Included the Introductionof database level referential (ntegrity for all
tables and perforrnance enhancing de-normalization of data, ; 4
+ Primary responsibilities Included development, of application infrastructure (programming. and.
GUI standards, templates, libraries, and referenced: objects), prograrnming of critical Screens:
and management of the prograrnming effort for more than.20 consultants and in-house =~
programmers, mA, os or -.
+ All programming done using Oracle Technology tools; Including the Oracle database (81),
» PLUSQL, Oracle Developer.(Forras and Reports) and Oracle Designer,,
EDUCATION
Bachelors of Science in Business Administration - (Cotorado Technical University-- Colorado
Springs, CO)
“Ql THE Eros Bids une Template ss the copyright of Gwikrésurne. com. s3yo Gubtelings