Accountant +36 2563987452
Burnside Heights, HU 7+ Yrs Exp. accountant@example.com
Summary
Certified Accountant in account reconciliations, streamlining accounts, and financial planning. Highly motivated
professional with a proven track record of delivering accurate reports and high quality service. Possess a comprehensive
understanding of all aspects of accounting and financial planning. A dedicated leader with the ability to lead effective
teams in attaining profit improvement.
Professional Experience Key Skills
Accountant Interpersonal Skills
Huntington Associates - Minchinbury, UM | Jul2017- Sep 2019
Management
¢ Oversaw the management of all company accounts. a
e Processed staff payroll and other main aspects of financial Recruiting
tra nsactions. ——S
¢ Managed accounting teams and ensured that all accounting records Leadership
were complete and accurate. ——————wwww
e Explained financial matters to people outside of the finance department Self Integration
in a comprehensive way. —>—>———==—aT==
e Remained professional and discreet when handling sensitive or private Integrity
fina ncial matters. _ ED |
e Working closely with junior staff members while aiding them in the
progression of their careers.
Certifications
Staff Accountant Certified Public Accountant
Dubone Partnership - Minchinbury, UM | Nov 2012 - Sep 2016 (CPA)
* Managed accounts by analyzing costs and revenues. PwC, Mar 2012
e Projected future trends based on analysis work. Certified Management
© Managed complex expense reporting. Accountant (CMA)
e Develop strategies for minimizing tax liability. Deloitte, Mar 2019
© Work closely with auditors during all audit processes.
* Performed financial risk assessments for all future business projects. —
¢ Organized sales and profit reports. Achievements
e Prepare, review, and submit crucial budget plans for company goals.
Perform diversified duties
Accounting Records Manager Sep 2011
Redesigned and implemented more
PepsiCo - Minchinbury, UM | Oct 2011 - Oct 2012 effective and timely procedures for