555 Maint St., Chicago, IL 60000, accountant@email.com, 555-555-6767
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ee eee rere renee eee eee eee ee ee eee
Forensic Accountant 2007 - Present
Fully responsible for recreating financial activity of individuals and corporations. Methads include tha
analysis of fiseat records, evaluation of pubke records, assessing intelligence information and inteniewna.
Identify fraudutent activities through asset identification, cash Nove analysis and recovery of business records.
Created and implemented databases, syslems and forms fo maintain consistency in financial profiles |
through the forensic unit. Worked in conjunction with the United Stales Attomeys Office, Federal Bureau of
Investigation (FBI), Internal Revenue Service (IRS) end Ihe United States Secret Service USS) in the
preparation offinsncial profiles to determine the financial relationship between related parties in major cases,
«= United States v XXxXXX%, et al. coordinated financial re-creation ‘and analysis of 41 convicted
defendants, which proved the basis fora number of indicknents. ;
« Determined the origin of funds In bank accounts, which were used to finance the purchase of:
real property, which provided ihe basis for court orders of attachment. a,
* Reviewed financial and other records seized duting search warrants to gather intelligence and
recreate the total financial pictures of both comorations and individuals under scrutiny.
« Analysis of extortlonate payments lo labor coalitions bythe construction Industry,
« Worked in cooperation with the IRS on matters that lead lo several high-profile convictions,
« Actively involved in the preparation of court exhibits illustrating thé financial status of subjects.
Forensic Accountant 1999 - 2007
Calculaied forfeiture arnounts and drafted civil forfeiture papers for several larae comorations, which wer
corvitted of crimes including money laundering and grand larceny. ;
. Provided ielligence to state agencies conceming proposed changes In related legislation that
would affectlaws relovanttothelrareas. Se ‘
. Identiged Intemational Caria! money laundering activities and participaled in other criminal
investigations by examining financial records and then tracing funds to illegal activities.
Accountant 1988 - 1999
Parlidpated in financial net worth analysis of conupt public officials.
ADDITIONAL WORK HISTORY
ener e eee eee ee eee ee
Accounting Manager 1986 - 1988
Managed sales reporting and supervised a slaff of 16 whose funclions included calculation of sales, cash
receipts, credit card processing, cormmission and incentive and statistical analysis. Acted as. controfer and
liaison between the extemal audit staff and the accoumling stail.. Prepared and analyzed $2 million
intemational budget induding general ledyer accounts, inventories and cost of goods sok,
Accounting Supervisor 1985 - 1987
Supervised royalties accounting staff, compuled and paid commissions to sales agents, invoiced and
accrued royallies and prepared journal of entries.
Accountant 1982 - 1985
Computed and paid investors based on their cwnership percentage and the production of oil and gas wells,
EDUCATION
SCS
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN ACCOUNTING Noahae, Arona 1960
United University ; ; -.
Cou purer SILLs: Lotus 1-2-3, Corel Quatira Pra and WorlPerfect, and Microson Access.