‘e
Kevin Frank
SENIOR ACCOUNTANT
cA O 9 in
info@resumekraft.com 202-555-0120 Chicago, Illinois, US —_ linkedin.com/resumekraft
Skills Summary
Misrosoft Office Experienced Accountant with nine years record in billing-and collections
Se combined with solid understanding of legal procedures.and legislation.
ERP. Systems, Peach tree, Proficient with wide variety of.software. applications, including QuickBooks,
Comsys. Odoo and custom accounting software.
—_—_
Leadership Experience
Organizational Skills Senior Accountant & Customer Reference
Ce Mediterraneo Group For Importing and Exporting
Documentation Jan 2020 - Present
eee aaa @ See the contract between the company and the customer and review
Poised under pressure ‘the terms of payment and guarantees and any other conditions and
co _ |] save the contract files.
® Following up the opening of the insurance file:and paying the
- insurance percentage for the contract.
Hobbies ® Recording the value of the contract assistants and customer reports as:
Reading Books aguide. - — a
a ¢ Issuing an internal memo to the bank accountant to issue the letters of
Cycling guarantee related to the terms of payment, if stipulated in the contract.
Swimming: ¢ Follow-up of the cash collection or check of the submitted abstract and
Cooking review the deductions on the check (insurance, taxes, fines,.
etc.) and to ascertain the percentage of value added taxes on the
‘contracting, whether the supply of installation / rental equipment
Education ¢ The work of a daily manual and entry to the daily value of the extract
Bachelor Of Commerce ® Record the abstract‘on the American Journal and the assistants.
San Jose State University e The work of the settlement restrictions required to prove taxes and
2010 deductions manual or through the program
. . ® Reducing the customer's indebtedness to the value of:collection and
Masters In Business proof of the assistants and the work of daily hand-held restrictions.
Administration = according to the attached documents from the treasury or the bank
Northeastern University accountant.
Jan 2020 © Prepare daily and weekly reports on customer attitude.
® Review the accounts of customers and work with customer approvals
Courses for periodic reconciliation of the account. |
Career Certificate in Bank Accountanat a
Accounting Mediterraneo GROUP For Importing And Exporting.
American University In sep:2018-Dec2019 a
Cairo © Prepared journal entries, complete general ledger operations, monthly,
Feb 2020 - Present year-end closings and draw up financial reports.
. - ¢ Reconcile and maintain balance sheet accounts
QFA (Qualified Financial ¢ Ensured proper recognition of revenue and expenses for departmental
Accountant) cost center activity.
Jan 2078 e Administer accounts receivable and accounts payable from our banks: