Robert Smiitl CONTACT DETAILS
opert smitn
1737 Marshville Road:
te . .. Alabama...
Professional Accountant (123)-456.7800
Info@quilkresume.com |
www.qwikrasume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT ; .
Verifying work of and provide guidance to less éxperlenced levels of SKILLS
accountants. Provide functional advice or tralning to less-experlenced . Microsoft Office, SQL:
_ accountant positions, Ensurlng compliance vlth corporate policies, carrier :
agreements, SOX procedures, SSAE16 procedures tax regulations, local ”
‘GAAP and US GAAP, and local statutory regulations (as applicable) .
_fegarding financial matters, ° — Cs ce LANGUAGES"
English (Native)
WORK EXPERIENCE French (Professional),
- Spanish (Professional)
Professional Accountant
ABC Corporation- 2008 - 2008 ; ;
etree INTERESTS
Re sponsibiities: N = ESTS
* Consolldated and presented balance-sheet results/analysis to Controller. Climbing
* Performed monthly-trend analysis of expense accounts and presented Cokes
 toupperManagement: Reading”
-» Maintalned and monitored prepaid accounts. es
» Reconclled balance-sheet accounts.
. Reviewed Income-statement accounts for material changes ona dally REFER ENC ES
» Processed general-ledger entries/adjustments. Reference'- 1 (Coiipany
.» Processed direct charges between affillates. Re ence - 2 (Company
7 Name)” oes
Professianat Accountant
Defta Corporation - 2006 - 2007
Re sponsibisties:
» Business partner with Marketing Lead to provide financlal results and
customer profitability for existing and new customer across varlous
“s Analyze data to detect fraud, deficlencles, and non-compliance with
laws and regulations Prepare detall reports on audit findings Inspect
clients, : nn -
* Prepared timely and accurate tax fillngs and payments for over 600.
jurisdictions totaling 350 milion annually o Performed monthly Ilability .
“= Teacher of Accounting Principles | &amp; Il, Business Maths and
Business Arithmetic in many Colleges and Professional Schools of Port-
auPrine.
= Served the Retall, Service, Non Profit and Construction Sectors San Juan
Navigation was Initially a client... a
“» Served 5 Attorneys and 2 Property Manager/Ovmners:
* QuickBooks Pro Advisor - Installation, set up and consulting clients In
retail, medical, ‘software and other professional services fields: ,
Education
‘BS In Accounting
O This Erce Resume Yomplate is the copyright of Owikresume com. Usage Gullalings .