ec, oteven Watson
a hs CHARTERED ACCOUNTANT
ctr
CONTACT OBJECTIVE
info@resumekraft.com To achieve excellence in taxation & finance related fields and to provide services
D 202-555-0120 to the organisation diligently through hardwork & dedication.
Q Chicago, Illinois, US
in linkedin.com/resumekraft CERTIFICATION
® NISM-Series-XI: Equity Sales Certification Examination
SKILLS ® NISM-Series-Vlll: Equity Derivatives Certification Examination
e Diligence and hard work
® Communication skills ‘
, , Article Assistant
@ Managing skills .
. Deloitte LLC. Mar 2017 - Sep 2019
° Conceptual understanding ® Advisory to clients on tax applicability.
© Self-motivation and ® Data compiliation & Preparation of legal submissions for scrutiny
‘commitment. assessments/reassessments of various listed & non listed entities.
© Time management skills ® Representing before the Income Tax Authorities for the |
© IT proficiency assessment/reassessment proceedings of centralised & non-centralised
cases.
® Drafting of appellate matters, various letters submitted in the department
EDUCATION such as rectification letters, objections to re-assessment proceedings.
. . ® Assistance in post search/survey proceedings including preparation of
CA FINAL submissions, explanations of impounded materials, cash books, cash flow
San Jose State University statements etc.
Nov. 2019 ® Assistance in representation of various matters before the CIT(A).
406 out of 800 marks. ® Assistance in conducting Tax Audit, Preparation of Form 35/36.
® Preparation of written submissions and follow-up with the income tax
Tpcc authorities for obtaining certificates u/s 197, 281 etc. of The Income Tax Act,
Northeastern University 1961. .
Nov 2016 ® Drafting of replies to summons u/s 131/133(6) of The Income Tax Act, 1961.
369 out of 700 marks
Article Assistant/Trainee
Bachelor of Commerce Marsh & Associates Sep 2016 - Feb 2017
University of South Florida. ® Performed accounting and auditing functions including vouching and
Mar 2018 synopsis.
® Prepared Trading, P&L Accounts and Balance Sheets of different concerns
like Proprietorships, Partnership Firms, Companies etc..
® Preparation of Computation of Income and Filing of Income Tax of various
Corporate & Non-Corporate Entities.