Gary White
Assistant accountant
AREAS OF EXPERTISE PERSONAL SUMMARY
Monthly management A confident, multi-skilled & capable assistant accountant with excellent .
accounts knowledge of finance & accounting procedures. Exceptional analytical & problem
solving skills & able to provide financial! information to all areas of the business
Budgeting & forecasting whilst ensuring that all management information is accurate. Having a proven
ability to drive out inefficiencies through process improvement as well as assist in
P&L analyses the maintenance & development of financial systems and accounting procedures. |
; Now looking fora new & challenging accountancy position, one which will make
Manth end procedures best use of my existing skills and experience & also further my development.
Variance reporting WORK EXPERIENCE
Computer literacy Construction Company = Coventry
ASSISTANT ACCOUNTANT — June 2008 - Present
Margin analysis , . ss ; -
Supponing the business by assisting to produce accurate financial and
Query resolution management accounting information on which financial decisions are based. Also
involved in compiling financial reports and analyses, whilst working to strict
Reporting& management deadlines.
accounting
Duties:
« Preparing sales invoices & the upkeep of an accurate accounts filing system.
© Preparation and input of month end journal vouchers, ;
© Inputting, matching, batching and coding of invoices.
PROFESSIONAL ® Debtor and Creditor reconciliations.
© Preparation of various repors for scnior managers.
CIMA ® Responsible for financial accounts inctuding budgets and cash-flow.
© Supervising junior financial staff. ;
e Responsible for KPI analysis and evaluation of costs and margins.
« Conversant with PAYE and VAT reconciliations.
PERSONAL SKILLS « Conducting regular business reviews of financial performance.
« Proactively identifying business improvement opportunities,
Numerate « Fixed Asset accounting, reconciliations and depreciation journals.
* Ensuring that information is accurately collated & entered into systems.
fnvestigative * Preparation of bi-weckly invoice and expense claim payment runs.
® Assist in the preparation of monthly balance shect account reconciliations. -
Pro-active problem @ Inputting of supplier invoices and employce expense claims to the ledgers.
solver
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
PERSONAL DETAILS © Good all round Financial Accounting Knowledge.
® Knowledge of Accounts Payable & Receivable processes and procedures,
Gary White « Experience in using SAP and other similar accounting systems,
34 Made Up Road ® Suong Excel skills. i
Coventry
CV66 7RF ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
T: 02876 000 0000 . .
MM: 0887 222 9999 BA (Hons) Accounting & Finance
£: gary.we@daviob. co.uk Nuneaton University 2005 - 2008
DOB: 12/09/1985 A levels: Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
Driving license:. Yes Coventry Central College 2003 - 2005
Nationality: British
REFERENCES —~ Available on request.