Associate Advocate
info@qwikresume.com | Linkedin Profile | Qwikresume.com
Graphic artist skilled in a. variety of designs, logos and’ marketing packages designed
to. strengthen business competence Also! ama trained rapeand domestic violence
crisis counselor who has worked with many ‘clients and agencies: oo
EXPERIENCE
: Assoclate Advocate
i ABC Corporation - OCTOBER 2014 ~ JUNE 2015 . a
E " «Provided advocacy for victims of sexual assault-and domestic violence
: through in-office crisis counseling and safety planning:
' * Provided. telephone counseling and helped run 24-hour ergs hotline
* Provided. legal accompaniment ta Family Courts and helped clients
i with obtaining “orders of protection against thelrbatterer, |
i * Accompanied clients to Department of. Social Services to help with
: emergency financlal-asslstance and ass stance with obtaining an
: apartment.
: © Worked In concert with domestic violence shelters in the nearby.area’
i to help: victims in’desperate need of Shelter away from thelr batterer.:
i * Ran‘weekly support, groups with former and current victirns of:
: domestic abuse. ee oo —
: * Gave presentations to other agencies and medical professionals tn
: the area regarding Signs of domestic and sexual assault as well as,
i ways to best Serve those clients 9 |” so a
: Advocate , a
. ABC Corporation - 2011-2014
: « Participated In Patient Assistance program (PAP) . .
: « Served as a liaison for the patients and the pharmaceutical suppliers:
; '@ =6Assisted patlents In completing applications,.obtalning doctor -
: signatures; and submitting applications .
: * Type, file, sortand process materials, maintain récords, process
: Tecords; compose and editreports and correspondence
- * Prepareand complete a variety of formsand. documents _
; ‘# Gather Information, provide Information to the public concerning
: departmental or. county operations |
. © Operote.a variety of equipment including but not ‘limited to.computer.
: terminals duplicating machine, fax, calculators, and ten-key. ~~”
EDUCATION
: « Theatre Arts- 1999(Marymaunt Manhattan College - New York,
‘® This Eee Resume tamplate |S the copyright of Qwikresume.com, Usage Gukielings