RICHARD LOCHRIE
1004 Longhom Drive 972-527-9133
Plano, TX 75023 relochrie@verizon.net
ACCOUNTANT
Talented and results-driven professional with experience in inventory control, business development,
and staff supervision. Proven abilities in tracking overhead costs, preparing invoices, and purchasing
with sound understanding of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Broad knowledge of
culinary/hospitality industry with demonstrated talents in staff training and development. Valued
team member respected for attention to detail and customer service talents.
General Ledger Accounting = Cost Control m Accounts Payable / Receivable m Financial Analysis
Cost Accounting m Management Information Systems = Budgeting m Records Management
Profit & Loss m Leadership & Team Building = MS Office Suite » QuickBooks
EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Bachelor of Science, Accounting, Western Govemors University, Salt Lake City, UT 2010
Member, Institute of Management Accountants (IMA)
Passed both parts of the CMA exant
Experience
Aramark (Baylor Heart Hospital), Plano, Texas (Purchasing Agent) 2015 - present
* Purchased food andsupplics forthe nutrition services department through various vendors.
= Obtained quotes for capital purchases and hard goods,
= Reorganized and maintained storage areas to reduce inventory, expedite the flow of goods
throughout the department, andimprove working capital management.
= Generated and maintained various spreadshcets to track purchasing, identify trends, andreduce
waste.
* Reduced purchases by 3% while generating the same revenue asthe previousycar.
Holy Cow, LLC., Dallas, Texas (Bookkeeper) 2014
= Prepared invoices on QuickBooks for online and gourmet orders. Assembled and prepared same
orders for shipping through either USPS or UPS.
* Prepared sales orders from commercial customers purchase orders, and tracked those orders _
online using the shipper’s pro num bers to ensure the proper timing for invoicing using the FOB
destination /shipping point principle.
* Coded vendor invoices and other receipts for input into QuickBooks.
= Tracked inventory levels at remote warehouse and office storcroom where small online and
gourmet orders were processed and shipped.
* Generated detailed sales reports and documentation for customer payment recondiliations
through the customer’s portal.