Sr. Member Advocate.
Phone: {0123)-456-789 | Emai info@qwkrasume.com | Websita: Onikrasume.cam
rr
SUMMARY
To cbiain.a position where skills and expedonca can be effectively utilized as well as challenged
by nav learning opportunities that are available,
CORE COMPETENCIES
Micmsoit Office, Management:
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
‘Sr. Member Advocate:
Amerigroup: Anthem - 2008 ~ 2020
« Served as an advocata for the member and tiaison behvean tha health planand providers
to'ensum availabililyand-access to car,
« ' Establstied a community presence, pramota momber education, dentily and resolve any
" systomic bamiors thal limit mombars access to appropriate cara,” |” ,
« Aesearchod clalms, authorizations and refermis for plan members to ensure carect claim
payments and physiclan approvals, a
« . Resolved plan members and providers escalated complaints inva timaly mannerto help
rogain conlidanos in company services; re
= Coordinated the dallvery af member handbooks, providor diroctorios, and any othor_
educational materlalio planmembers as nocessaye 7
« Parlormed business analysis for Medica Application Processing in SalosFore,
« Analyzed, track and reported daia Imm daily submissions behveen enrolment and:
cHiciency mpons Jor docuracy o| compensation and any discrepancies of applications {ot
the accuracy ol final compensation af eliaibility,.,
Member Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2012 2016.
“« Inbound'caling, taka paymants; customer sorviod, place‘order for prescriptions, contact
doctors olfice, lix customers ssucs, explain how thelr. .
+ Skills Used typing skills, gramer, vocabulary, pataneay
* Ociver Inandly and professional customer strvica over the phone Managed bank accounts
Took extreme steps for members‘and thelr happiness Filed and .
« Took calls for Medicare patients and asélsted them with all their prescriptions, mall order
Issues, and planchanges: | . ee — ;
» Inbound'Outbound calls Customer Support Card services Windows 7,
« Intound customar service representative.
-« Help member live heather lives,
|
. 2959 Oak Sireel. Old Forge, New York, 1420! oo.
This Eres Resume Template ts the copyrighl of Quikresunie.com. Usage Guidelines