JESSE KENDALL
123 Elm Sirect « College Park, MD 20741
jkendall@notmail.com « Home: 301.555.5555 « Cell: 301.444.4444
ACCOUNTING SUPERVISOR # SENIOR ACCOUNTANT
Talented accounting professional offering more than tei years of accounting and financial management eNpericnce as an
in-house and contructed resource for a varicty of small and medium sized firms and not-for-profit organizations. Expert in
the real estate: industry. Business-savvy organizational leader. with demonstrated success creating business plans,
bookkeeping policies, and revenue-tracking frameworks for start-up ventures. Detail-criented intemal auditor. Subject
matter expert for corporate and personal taxation, legal compliance, and contract’ administration, Bookkeeping manager
fully versed in AP, AR, GL,-P&L, and account reconciliation processes: Process innovator. effective at identifying
opportunities for cost savings and profit maximization,
CORE STRENCTHS
+ Start-Up Operations’Business Plans ° Auditing ¢ Contract Management,
¢ ‘Real Estate Business Environments ¢ AP/ARGL & P&L. ¢ Taxation | ;
‘¢ Financial Policy Development ¢ Purchasing ¢ New Business Development
¢ Budgeting/Forecasting | @ Staff Management ¢ Goal Setting ,
a PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE. —-—______
"SENIOR ACCOUNTANT, ABC SERVICE AUTHORITY, College Park, MD « 20xx-Present
Prepare, examine, and onalyze complex accounting records, financial statements, und financial reports to ensure accuracy
and conformance to reporting and procedural standards, Manage daily and monthly accounting activities. Oversee three
staffand review work of several employees within the department. ‘Truin new accounting employecs.
Notable Accomplishments: | . oe . a
e: Streumlined operations and eliminated 9 manual process by autornating reconciliation of daily cash between two
software systems. Exported data to an Excel spreadsheet.’ . - . .
. Supported the payroll technician; processed payroll, which included hours-to-gross reconciliation, reconciliation of
benefits, cutting and issuing payroll checks, and preparing federal and state payroll tax payrnents.
s Played en integral role ina major accounting software conversion, which included testing, post-deployment
training, and implementation. — :
SENIOR ACCOUNTANT, BCD Enterprises, College Park, MD * 20xx-20xx
Executed bank reconciliation, reconciled investments, and reviewed'posted journal entries in preparation for meathly close.
Played a key role in annual audits through preparation of sudit schedules and docurnentation for the CAFR. Served os the
“go to” person for procedural and technical questions across the organization.
Notable Accomplishments: ., - . . -
+ Studied new software, A/R and acccunting software interfaces, and system operations and gained a solid
cunderstanding to ensure success. .
® Devised a new system to analyze data and reconcile the bank statement to zero each month; developed innovative -
processes to target specific transactions and identify timing differences... ;
 Epucca tion & CREDENTIALS: SAA
Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting (20xx), XYZ Untvinstry, College Park, MD -
Core Course Work in Individual Taxation, Corporate & Business Taxation, and Organizational Behavior
Licensed Real Estate Broker # State of Maryland | Leadership Certification # Better Way Institute
Notary Public + State of Maryland —
~ Technically proficient in MS Office Suite, PowerPoint, and Publisher ~