Robert Smith ._ Phone (133) 456 78 99
: Ernaill; Infogravdkre sume, com
Intinnt Map, . Website ywacikmesuroe.com
Patient Care Advocate: ___Unkedin linkedin. comfavlkresume,
Address: 1737 Marshvilie Road, Alabarna,
SUMMARY
Seeking galnful employment with a reputable organizatlon In. order. to successfully complete
‘apprenticeship and become a valued company employee, Goal |s to Undertake tasks and |
assignments that, vill enable to jearn all the skills’°on offer.in order to become an effective
érmployee,.Also to complete ‘all job related studies In order to broaden: experience’and’ ... _.
understanding about the company, products / services so that may provide excellent customer
service.
SKILLS
‘Suggestive selling.and Consultative sales, Superior.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Patient Care Advocate |
ABC Corporation - May 2014 - January2015.
* Worked t6 research and resolve problems in, a timely. manner, a
* Assisted members In Understanding and maximizing the Lise of thelr pharmacy distribution
Progra, a
+ ' Used cornputerized system .to gather Information and respond to questions,
* Documented Issues and resolutions in'a common database. wee
+ Handled Inbound and outbound member, provider and physician calls, oy
* Answered questions related to pharrnacy benefits, while malntalning productivity standards:
and performance guarantees where applicable, ;
* Ensured-the privacy of members and malntaln security oftheir Information using HIPAA
 palicles,: a :
Patient Care Advocate
Delta Corporation- 2009-20147 7
* Answer Incoming calls from Patients regarding thelr pharmacy benefits and malt order,
« Assist patlents with Inquirles regarding benefits, such as ellgibliity, copay, deductible, out-of.
pocket costs, ; ae oa. .
* Locate retall pharmacies for patients and provide location detalls. ;
+ Provide direct rnernber reirnbursernent information and rnanual clalrns status, _ .
+ Assist patients with mall order requests; such'as new registration, prescription refills, order.
status, ete, . eta . coe rae oe
+’ Familiarize patients with ES| website and promote the benefits.of using website for refills:
- Serve asthe patlents contact to ellling Hotline for the resalutlon of mall order billing issues,
EDUCATION.
Cos etology-"2009 (Academy of Techn ology-and Academics, Conway-- Conway, SC)
“OTHE Epes Bis ure Template is the copyright of Owikiésime com. Ussye Gubte lings