ROBERT SMITH
Associate Apparel Manager
‘Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: Inlo8qwilkresume.con’ I Website: Quilkresume.con, .
errr eee e eee ee eee eee
Te arive the overall strategic business-vision lor a category of product.To analyze.
‘business performance and present strategi¢ next sleps Lo leadershipButld product .
‘assortments with'a data driven nindset
‘Strong communication, Interpersonal;-analytical, problem-solving; computer. creativity.
PROFESSION AISEXPERIEN CH
Associate Apparel Mamoger
ADC Corporation - May 2014.- September 2015
Key Deliverables:.
os Develop department goals, and executable merchandising staf, all other internal
Sportswear strategjes to ancontplish then, ee oo, ;
© Present towards the gouls wed supervise aiid uuuape and efficent operation of the
Grpurilzation
* To.evaluate progress and afconiplishinrents Provide effettlve trulriing in the dread
of customer aervice, product lnowledge, Inventory mangement, Init tate and
fenerate busingss analysis sales development and yisuil merchandising.: ;
© To track selling, identify key trends and Agureselvely drive growth of thé business.
Huimize Gpporturtities in the uissartinent by identifying opportunities and
developity in order to achieve growth and action plans to maxlnize best results,
& Cantinuously challenge business process Maintain positive openlines of ~
communication for improved practices and efficiency, oo . .
esd and mugen team oF tech designers, peodirction staffand our gobil
suppliers [fiubrie mills, trint Gcampr Lictortes}
Drive lower ebsts and higher quality deross alt product with more strategic
suppliers ‘ , —
Apparel Manager
Delta Corporation - 2010 - 2014.
‘® Customer Service Apparel Sales Shoe Salus Cush Reyjsters,
© Assembling floor designs and displays, merchandising new product aud plinalig
how inventory ls featured Provide product Knowledge to customers Tratn. ;
© Managed a erew of 8 associates Detaled by keeping binders of Invalces amd
reports of depurliment and backroom Responsible far scheduling enw up io.
© Malt uitried visual stuudards in nmiens, womens, aru childrens active arid seasonal
apparel Freight Naw progessing Responsible for staffing tralniey, .
—————
oo. 2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York; 13420 :
o Thh Free Resume Template the copy right co Quikresaume.cam, Usage Guidelines.