Maxine Curry
Accountant
AREAS OF EXPERTISE PERSONAL SUMMARY
oe A fally qualified Accountant who has a umber of years experience in the fields of
Maximising cash fow financial management reporting, taxation and cash flow. Maxine bas the ability and
Debt management willingness to take on financial leadership and is certain to be a key member of any
financial team that she joins. She is ambitions by nature and keen to get to the top of
Monitoring budgets hes profession. One of Ler greatest strengths is her ability to prioritize workloads to
meet challeoging deadlines, On a personal level she bas the ability to build
People management relationships in a rutti-culnual envirocment acd across variovs offices. Right row she
wants to join a company who are keen to add an intellizert and ecthusiastic individual
Credit control to their finznce deparment.
Balance Sheet WORK EXPERIENCE
Reconciliations
cco . Smiths Accounts — Birmingham
int quertes ACCOUNTANT Jun. 2013 —Preseat
Advanced Excel skilts Respoasible for the full range of financial reparting carried out wai=n all the varsous
departmerts within the company.
Duties:
PROFESSIONAL B Preparing quality and focused anatytical reviews that support the firaacial reporting
. of the company.
Fluent in German B Implemerting necessary changes required in finance operations across the company.
vench & Spanis @ Acalysing billing variarces and investigating significant discrepancies.
@ Taking the dead rote in all financial planzing activities.
Preparing manthly P&L and Balance Sheet reporting including commentary 0a all
mnaterial variances.
8 Dealing with any queries from the auditors.
PERSONAL SKILLS @ Having regular interactions with senior financial officers across the company.
| Providing expert top level accoumting advice to work colleagues.
Ambitious @ Ensuring that all accountings records comply with company and statutory
Liteable ee . _—
@ Maintaining balance sheet sub-ledgers and performing any monthly reconciliations.
Hardworking
Company name - Location
Positive attitude JOB TITLE Exoployment dates (Le, Aug 2011 - hm 2013)
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
@ Fully quatified through accreditation via a recomnised accountancy body.
B Ad-hoc financial modeDing and analysis.
CONTACT 8 Cocversant with financial software packages.
@ Achieving finance objectives by having a flevible but goal-prientated approach.
Maxine Curry
Pee Per ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BIS OXF Nuneaton University 2008-2011
T: 0121 638 0026 BSc (Hons) = Accountant
AL: 0121 638 0026
E: nyoBdnjod.com Coventry Central College 2005-1008
A levels:
Driving icanse: Yes Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
Nationality: British
REFERENCES - Availabie 0a request.
Day Job.com