Art Salcedo
EEE
10008 Pear Street, Keller, TX 76248
Email:: artsakedo@aa.com Phone. (817) 676-4926
OBJECTIVE: Seekngemplyment m Human Resources or related field where [ean apply my anique combination of
‘education and successful miitary work experience to enhance a company’s overall performance... |
. SUMMARY: Experience in Human Resource in the. United States Air Force and Ameritan Airlines’ to include human
mesouice systems planning and implementation, job analysis, career counseling, employment relocation, program
eonpliance and job taining. Expert at managing. government compensation programs, Excellent customer service
communication and writien skills, Proficient wih Micresoft Office 2010 to include: Word, PowerPaint, Excel, Access
“and Outlook, Proficient in Peopk Soft, MIPDS, ARMS,TPS and CMS software. Twenty-one years of supervisary ;
experience. . ;
EXPERIENCE:
Jul $2 — Present, Campus Coordinator, American Airlines, DallayFort Worth Airport, TX
© Work wilh manager and creative services team for the creation of invitations, correspondence and other nuiterials
necessury fereacheolkege event , , a _
* Organi tour.at DFW for our MBA internship program a ;
® Develop meeting ande vent registration website forthe Professional and Colkege Recruament eam
© Maintain and credited dulabases for college recruitment for assigned events including but not limited to: initial
inviation lists, RSVP responses, credential & confirmation niailings, rooming ists, nine badges, etc. As well as
created data merge with Micrasoft Word for invitaiion letter giving .@ personal touch to each ktter ;
© Provide documents to hotels and venues on attendance inclaling rooming Ests, meal counts.ete. for cole ge
conferences und job fairs,
* Allen] and support onsite managenent of events for MBA, Intemship and Undergrad events: ;
* Coordinute volunteers 19 assistwith Habitat for Humanity and the Narth Tarrant Pood Bank for our Internship
progrann.. ;
© Pracess invoices and check requests ard tek all expenses forcolke ge events to include catering events at the schools:
and Amesican Airlines Headquarters, oo ;
© Handle distribution .on all incoming emails ‘and mail far the college team. ;
» Participate on college team job fairs and conferences for recruiting pilots aml college candidates. ,
© Maintain inventory of all event promotional items in stock in our storage room.
-8° Ordevand research all prwimotional, tems for. college recruitment .
® Maintain wade show booths and banner stands and other promotional items used by College Reeruilment teant
» Responsible far working with departmentto determine and order all supplies needed for events including name
hidges, tent cards, lanyards, notebooks, foklers, ete.
> Responsible forall candilate expense forms and coordinate, rackand follay-up with Finance Department to ensure
that candidates are paid: | , “OO
‘Jun HW =-Jul 2012, Human Resources Assistance, American Arlines, Dallas/Fort Worth Airport, TX
® Created new processes to enhance Hunun Resources by organizing’ the Chief Officer Operations (COO} process sa’
that the Vice President of DFW Arport can quickly review important cases presentedto him and make quick
decisions on the outcome,
“= Created COO cheehlist that enabkss Human Resources Specialists to stay consistent With the process and improving’
the way business is conducted at DFW a . oo .
* Counsel employees on health benefits, pay issues, travel, vacation hours, sick hours, rele ment bene fits,
unemployment benefits, union issues and many other issues relating to Human Resources -
» Upidute cases mn Case Management Systems so that all managers, Human Resources Speciabst, and upper evel
_ managements are aware of issues pretending taemployeess ee ; ;
® Utilze Microsoft Office Cakndar and note pad to consistently stay argania® and track issues pretending to Human
Resources : ; ee ; : ee : :