Robert Smith Phone (223) 436 78 98
: Ernaill; Infogravdkre sume, com
Website Tyan twdkmsuroe.com
Health Advocate - g binkealn: inkedin.com/qvalkresume,
Address: 1737 Marshvilie Road, Alabarna,
SUMMARY
Secure a position within a Corporation that offers career growth, and In-an environment that is -
‘tearn orlented that |s conducive to learning and challenges to achleve departmental standards
SKILLS
“Custorner Service, Medical Software arid Cornputer Working on Multiple windows; Operating.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Health Advocate
ABC Corporation - August 2012 - May2015 |
+ Provided residents with basic health needs; over-the-counter medications, thermometers;
conderns, Band-Alds, and.sa forth to handle minor health and first-ald related ,
* Advocated good health to the residents Ilving In the residence halls Including planned,
programs to promote healthy living, “9 7
+ Gained valuable experience working with people who need my help In all areas of thelr life:
and have been trained omhove ta utilize resources for residents as needed,” “" oo
» . Responsible for writing articles as well as editing artitlas written by fellow Health Advocates.
* “Provided them with doctor prescribed medications or customized topical compound cream.
+. Perfarmed outbound talls ta prospects for health and wellness acthitles. offered by thelr
‘employer group: and helping them betterunderstand. 7
+ Scheduled and Transported Individuals with Developmental disabilities to. medical
“appointments, nn eS
Health Advocate
Delta Corporation = 2010- 2012
- Consistently exhibits behavior and communication skilts that dérnorstrate Opturn&rsquo; 5
cammitment.to superior custormer.service, Including quality, care and concem with each and
every Internal and external customer... : ee . cog
+ Serves asa primary point. of contact between patient and health care tearn to anticipate and
approptlately addréss patlent' questions and conterns;. ;
« Confirms patlent understanding of primary care physiclan (PCPY agsigqnrnent and educates
.patient’on available tools, resources, appropriate and new services avallable, —
+ Conducts patient outreach to facilitate patient understanding of healthcare systems and
‘services through the usé of standardized scripts Including mailings of welcoming packages;
heeded materlals and thank you letters: : ~ Te
+ Initlates data gathering through record review and telephonic outreach to complete timely
and accurate documentation.of appropriate care management forms for selected patient.
* Ensures timely outreach to selected patient population and provides hand-off ta care
MANAGE ee cs Stan
+ Utilizes motivational interviewing techniques, Facilitates cormmunticatlon with patient /
careglyver for program engagement
“OTHE Epes Bis ure Template is the copyright of Owikiésime com. Ussye Gubte lings