t
Marie Anderson
Sometown, CO 55555 1 555.555.5555 1 ma@somedomain.com & LinkedIn URL
STAFF ACCOUNTANT
Accounting and auditing | Corporate and personal taxes | Management consulting
~ Build long-term client relationships through “hands-on” approach and commitment to service ~
HoOaa es
o Diligent accountant backed by public accounting, general ledger (GL) and tax experience and expertise in GAAP,
data analytics and sophisticated modeling tools.
a Strategic business partner delivering fiscally responsible strategies to resolve financial and accounting
challenges, propel corporate growth and strengthen compliance.
« Highly technical; experienced user of QuickBooks, Drake, Microsoft Dynamics GP, JD Edwards
EnterpriseOne, Hyperion, SAP, Oracle, IBM Cognos, Visual Basic, SQL and Excel.
Skills: o Corporate Accounting oa Financial Reporting & Analysis 5 Tax Preparation
o General Ledger a Financial Statements o 6©Audit Reviews
o GAAP Standards o Forecasting & Projections o Financial Research
o SOX Compliance o M&A Due Diligence o State & Federal Tax Codes
Experience
ABC COMPANY (Sometown, CO) = Mid-size public accounting firm
Accountant, 2012 to Present | Accounting Intern, 2011 to 2012
Provide professional accounting services for individuals, businesses and government clients, from tax preparation
to audit support, financial statement preparation, pro forma budgeting, GL accounting and bank reconciliation.
Consistently deliver the highest quality, full-spectrum accounting services. Success examples:
n Selected for position as reviewer in ABC Co’s Audit Quality Review Process (AQRP) from 2015 through 2016.
Assessed quality of audits completed by other partners and reported findings to national office.
n Leveraged knowledge of federal tax code to win IRS abatements that averted tax penalties of $11,500 and
$7,000 for two farm operations.
a Implemented systems for expanded accounting, reporting and stock option transaction activities to support tech
startup during period of fast growth (revenues increased from $500K in 2012 to $12M-+ in 2016).
so Helped businesses accelerate month-end close and payroll processing by up to 25% while reducing errors and
increasing accuracy to new bests.
as Assisted with SOX compliance by ensuring on-time delivery of supporting documentation to auditors.
a Led financial modeling and due diligence to evaluate proposed $5M acquisition for real estate development
company. Uncovered significant GL discrepancies, winning client praise for preventing unwise investment.
Previous Experience: Bookkeeper (2008 to 2011) at DEF COMPANY (a plastics manufacturer in Sometown, CO)
and Volunteer Tax Preparer through the IRS VITA program during college.
Education
XYZ UNIVERSITY (Sometown, CO) o Bachelor of Science in Accounting, Minor in Business