Robert Smith CONTACT RETAILS
; aza7 Marsiville Road,
ae oo - abama: . .
Senior General Accountant (123)-456-7299
info@qwikresume.com.
www. qwikresome.com
‘PERSONAL STATEMENT ;
Highly motivated and result-oriented General Accountant with 10 years of SKILLS:
-experlence In the Finance domain, with extensive experience In corporate Payroll, Accounts
“accounting dnd -Ananclal reporting, Including accounting operatioris, .. Payable, Accounts:
“financial analysis, forecasting,’ SOX compliance, and accounting system Recelvable, Hurnan .
Implementation. Known for. collaborative style In bullding cohesive: ne eee
relationships and coordinating between various corporate. offices and Resources, Office .
departments; and with great work ethi¢és. a , Management, Office
. “ Applicadons, Finandal
a ‘BED — Reporting, Quickbooks;
WORK EXPERIENCE MAS sa, Wordpress,
Senior General Accountant =
Fannie Mae = ‘December 2011 - Present bobs
“Responsibilities: LANGUAGES
© Providing. support during the monthly closing cycle &ndash; compliing,- English (Native)...
analyzing, and recofding the results to General Ledger, Salat (professional)
+ Analyzing the financlal results, preparing flux analysis reports and. ra
forecasting results fornext month closey:
* Preparing monthly analytics package, presenting to the Executive INTERESTS:
Management and Corporate Board as needed. eras
« Resporisible for accurate reporting of time-sensitive quarterly. snovioourding
disclosures, footnotes, cashflow Statement, FHFA call reports and other, Cooking:
reporting obligation for 1o-K:and 10-Q filing. = Reading
* Researching and analyzing the highly complex accounting issues,
identify root causes and propose changes for improvement;
* Evaluating new policies ‘and pracedures for operational and control REEERENCES
impacts. Fe : .
+ assisting with reviewing existing controls to mitigate potential risk Ramey ~ 2 (Company
factors within the.assigned process/areas. Reference - 2:(Company’
Name), .
‘Senior Financial Analyst ae
ABC Corp- September 2007 = Decémber. 2011
"Responsibilities; —_
“+ Resporisible for accurate reporting of financlal results, data/réport |
validation related to cash-Gamip: conimitmentiaccounting, loan —
accounting, fair-vatue treatment and principalinteresty:
*. Performed and analyzed monthly activites and trending of the |oan
portfolio,
* Monitored and reported key finan¢lal and non-financial data metrics:
based onperformance results,
* Took ownership.of account chart field process = setting up the new,
account, cash flow, and lineltem: * OB
‘= Identified contro] weaknesses, cormmunicated to management, and -
proposed process changes; ads
© Assisted with audit testing and requests, and maintained/updated policy.
and procedures as needed: | eo ae oo
* Responsible for dally financlal accounting actlvitles Including positive .
check pay, ach fraud filter, stop,,
® This Eree Resume Template inthe copyright of Quikresume,com. Usage Guidelines-