or. : IAT IR RAR
9 ewe LOWARDIGERRARD)
aaa gee Accountants
i. WORK EXPERIENCE
‘Ui Deyjod.com, Birmingham : .
Company name 2016 = Present
J. 9123 496 7840- ACCOUKTANT — Location :
: Responsible for ensuring the smooth running of the accounts department. Advising and
a0!) Inte@veyjod.com updsting the Director on iegularities or concerns about invoices & financial matters.
Vi inkedteyneme * «= Keeping financial control records for expenditures, alfotrnents and receipts etc
: s Verifying financial documents for validity, accuracy and completeness.
« Managing the receipts and deposits of cash and bank transactions.
«Ensuring that alf invosces and staff reimbursements are paid accurately.
SUMMARY
Howard is considered ani expert Company name = 2015-2016
at managing 2 company’s ACCOUNTANT — Location
finances and looking after its _ Maintaining the quality of financial contra. Organising and co-ordinating the work of
accounts. He is able to perform juréor accounting personnel. Locating errors in scrounting records.
mathematica naleulatons wah = Assisting colles gues in other departments with preparstion of the annual budget.
a he che o ete «= implementing departrnental accounting policies, procedures and processes.
= te-and ae me «Using financat toals and techniques to evaluate business opportunites.
information about Fractal «= Presenting scrounting dats in a dear and understandable manner.
transactions. He is confident in
his abiity to play a strategic Company name 2014-2015
role in any business. ACCOUKTANT — Location . .
Reviewing monthly departmental Profit and Lasses_ Assisting with finandial and tx
audits. Detecting and preventing fraud. Convotling income and expenditure.
EDUCATIO N = Documenting intemal finsndal convols and producing detailed expenditure reports.
«= Completing VAT retums as well as writing cheques and setting up BACS payments.
~ _ «| Writing large cheques for suppless and setting up BACS payments for dients..
ene ns 2010-2013 = Giving professional accounting advice ta those who ask for it or need it.
Modules
More text Company name 2013-2014
ACCOUNTANT — Location .
College 2008-2010 Responsible for drafting responses to queries in respect of submitted accounting
Course details computations. Cresting, implementing and monitoring staff bonus schemes.
Subject
More text
Oo
‘ |
School 2003 — 2008 | SKILLS
Course details :
Englch (A) Accounts Atk Wk - Supervising Ie ae Kk‘
Baths (B; . : oes
rae) M5 Word * w* henge Taxretums * * Mey
Geography (D} tose on
: L 4