- Art Salcedo
EEE
10008 Pear Street, Keller, TX 76248
Email:: artsakedo@aa.com Phone. (817) 676-4926
* Assisted in hiring process through a Tako software that allows Human Resources to stay organize and saving time
on the hiring process by creating foklers for employees that are se ket for the second interview |
® Created excel spreadsheet and database that required addaional updates and fornwkis w enhance the process of
information without requiring addiional calculations ©
Mar 03 — December 2010, ITuman Resources Manager, Texas Christian University, Ft Worth TX
® Primary responshilties included overseeing the day to day operations of the Human Resource Department to include -
suff waning and development, job analysis, accounts payable, security cearances. Used Web Integrated Network
Systems to update and muintain personnel data. . oa. toe SO
® Responsible for inspecting ROTC cadet activities for compliance with policies and direetives,. Reported discrepancies
and recommended corrective action. wo Lo Lone
® Coordinated and prepared disciplinary reeards to submit 10 headquarters for ROTC cadets awailing dismal from
AFROTC program. | :
* Accurately prepared and processed USAF Officer Commission Packages. This consisted of reviewing personnel
documents, SGLI bene fils, emergenc ydata, perforning personnel interviews to prepare Officers for USAF. |
assignments... ; : , ,
© Responsible for handling compkx pay issues for ROTC cadets. ; oo, re
* Thoroughly verified scholushp eligibilities and mildary retention standards forall Air Force Cadets prior to indiatng
scholarship payments which ensured that USAF funds were only paid out to eligible cudets..
® Co-ordinate 100 plus security ckarances per year with the Office of Personnel Management with zero delays and’
® Test Control Examiner for Air Force Officer Qualification Test.
= Assisted Cadets with career progression counseling. Escorted cadets to various base assignments abroad and within
the United States for career development and foreign inguage emersion propram, ,
® Oversaw the Physical Training Assessment Program for over 70 enlisted cadets per semester.
* Supervised three individuals.
May 02 — Mur 03, Customer Se rv lor Manager, Buckky Air Farce Base, Denver, CO
* Respumsible for overseeing the DEERS program. Prepared and coordimited citenship documents to assist aliens
enlisted in all miltary branches to obtain US Cilienship, | ; ;
© Prescreen various ID application and submissions by customers for accuracy, compkteness of intial. supporting
documentalkm and eligibility for benefits, © ‘ a ——
* Managed correspondence
* Supervised all functions of the Customer Service Unit to ncluk issuing ID cans; accurately nspected ¢ ustonier
documents and intervie wed customers to ensure accuracy of benefits and eligibility: | ne
* Prepared and issued over 1,000 ID cards per week. Consistently achieved “Outstanding” recognition from customers
an! superiors for outstanding customer service unit,
“= Restructured Newcomers Orientation Programe, Oo,
® Performed analysis on complex benefits, pay issues, gratuity pay, arrears pay, social securily, government and
commercial life insurance, ,
® Analyzed reports and maintained databases.: ;
“= Casualty Assistance Representative, Administered casuily program, Prepared related records and documents.
= Responsible for stafftraining which resulted in exceptional customer service outcomes. ,
Nov 99— May 02, Human Res ources Relocation Manager, Buckley Air Force Base, Denver, CO
* Reviewed and processed passport applications for Civil Service aml all military personnel with 99 percent accuracy
rate.
-®° Co-ordinated and conducted briefings on emerging personnel programs which resubed in well informed hase
populace, . . we .
# Sekcted over two managers by Miltary Persomel Fight Commander to Gill a vacant Superintendent position.