ARIA FISCHER
Junior Software Engineer
a.fischer@email.com (123) 456-7890 Southfield, MI
linkedin.com
WORK EXPERIENCE CAREER
OBJECTIVE
IT Support Technician
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan
A seasoned IT professional passionate
August 2020 - current Detroit, MI about software development, seeking a
Implemented Azure DevOps and Azure Storage cloud solutions, junior software engineer role at Bosch.
Eager to apply my experience with
increasing infrastructure efficiency by 13%.
Eclipse and C++ to create high-quality
Migrated 54% of the organization's code repositories to Subversion
software products that contribute to the
(SVN) to streamline version control.
company's engineering efforts.
Resolved 20+ instances of software license non-compliance, saving
around $54,000 in potential fines and penalties.
Automated 8 routine IT tasks using Selenium to free 11 hours of
EDUCATION
staff time on average per week.
Bachelor of Science
Technical Support Representative
Computer Science and Engineering
Comcast
University of Michigan
December 2017 - June 2020 Ann Arbor, MI
2013 - 2017
Achieved a monthly customer satisfaction rating of 98%, ranking
Ann Arbor, MI
within the top 3% of Technical Support Representatives at Comcast.
Upsold Comcast services to Xfinity Internet customers, generating
$21,000+ in additional annual revenue. SKILLS
Contacted customers with scheduled maintenance updates,
reducing incoming calls by 65% on average.
Eclipse
Handled 50+ support calls per day, addressing customer concerns
Subversion (SVN)
related to product features and technical issues.
C++
React
PROJECTS PostgreSQL
Microsoft Azure
Developer Selenium
StudySpot
2015 - 2017 CERTIFICATIONS
Used React to create a seamless user interface on Android and iOS
apps, doubling monthly downloads in 7 months. Certified Software Development
Implemented a code repository management system using Professional (CSDP)
Subversion, boosting code collaboration efficiency by 34%.
Enforced secure data transfer protocols and encryption
mechanisms and ensured user data remained protected.
Introduced an analytics and reporting framework with Microsoft
Azure, providing insights into user behavior and patterns.