tone Profile
; QA Experlenced and dedicated Senlor Accountaat, bringing forth severst years of
a ; valuable industry experience and a ¢ommdiment to providing a variety of finangiol
Hh ti Wal ral} ’ Jones} and analytical review sendces to company departments and clients, Adent in
7 ensuring compliance with accounting principles and federal and state sequiations.
-Employment History
Details) Senior Accountant , Addco Resources, New York
PTE RCRD PHA vet VR Ya ALM DE Tee - AUR TET
dad We A . : : . :
hee Yer , ENYA 5458) * Controlled dally Input of ledger activities and clasing of general Sedger each
Pree © Prepaed accurate quivterly and annual statements
it eerie en © Prepared annual audited finarcial statements.
See as oka * Worked closely with other departments and warked Lo salve complex
accounting problems, ‘ ,
Skills) © Provided compasative anstysis of Actual results vs, Forecast throughout the
HCO TEAR SUON Sau anal ean tnegy ; ; : :
a, © Ensured adhererice to internal controts aver the Close process ekK month.
ores: © Uilged intemal financial software to improve the accounting, timing, and
—— ———— effectiveness of reports.
Te GAAS)
Staff Accountant . Vessel, New York
Gaerne AUGIOTTGHL ~ Hay ote 7
ot @ Assisted In the review and preparation of financial reparts for senior
Seneca Leone matagement, : 7 ;
SS + Documented processes and procedures as part at internal control and
fEtfentive Time Mancpemertl departmental training. Se ;
———— > * Contributed to the upkeep and review of balance sheet accounts to ensure
accuracy, on ,
« Acheted to all monthly reaorting comptiange coadlines. |
Education
B.S. Accounting, Marist College, Poughkeepste
stpteieee fins. teas cura ae
High School Diptoma, Somers High School, Somers
Metre bie stee bea dune : —_
Internships
‘Accounting Intern, Westley Accountants, White Plains
Waa gona. prevupes ceca” ” -
References
Adina Rayez from Addeo Resources |
rayer_adPaddcoorg.com | 232-546-5438
Jeremy Mendel from Vessel _
meéndel joro?evesselcom | 917-547-7899
Lydia Guman from Vessel
‘Bumantydavessalcom | 91793242121