Automotive Mechanic ‘Phone: (123) 456.78 99
To a : See Emalt: Info@quwikresurne.com
Wo : A. Website; vews.dwikiesuirne.com
R OB ERT S M IT H. Linkedin:
, Inkedinicom/qulkresurne:
Address; 1737 Marshyllle Road,
Alabarna,.
Objective.
| want a highly rewarding career where.| can use.my skills and knowledge to.help the company:
and my co workers be successful. CORE QUALIFICATIONS Calrn under pressure Friendly and
cheerful Complex problem solving Excel In Sales Associate of the Manth customer service Award
Dependabe Ap proachable Delivery Driver MS Office proficiency Sales:Team building expert
Supervision and tralning Exceptional time management Team leadership Shipping and recelving
Team playerOrganized en BEET EARS
Skills:
Superb méchanl¢al ‘aptitude, manual dexterity and attention to detall; Strong abllity to |dentify,
analyze ‘and solve problems. Occupational safety and emergency management vith strict“
adherence to safety requirements..
Work Experience
Automotive Mechanic
+ . Keeps equipment avallable for.use by Inspecting and testing vehléles, i,
+ .Conipleting preventive maintenance such as, engine tuné-ups, oll changes; tire ratatlon and’
changes, wheel balancing, replacing filters: : 4
+ Malntalns vehicle functional condition by. listening to ‘operator complaints; conducting
‘Inspections; repalring engine fallures; répalring mechanical and electrical systems .
‘ malfunctions; replacing parts’and cornponerits;. repairing body damage.
+ Verlfies vehicle serviceablilty.by conducting test drives; adjusting controls andsysterns..
+ . Complies with. state vehicle requirements. by testirig engine, safety, and combystian control
standards, : :
+. Maintains vehicla@ appearance by cleaning, wasting, and painting,
+ Maintains vehicle records by recording service and repairs. ;
Automotive Mechanic — a
Porterville Sheltered WorkShop ~1999-2004° oe
+ Distributed fuel, verified and refilled fluld level and altered oll-and filters, as required
= Created small adjustrnents ‘and fixes on tools (llke replacing ancyor repalring tiréd, heads and
talllamps, windshleld vipers, mufflerclamps ~~ 7 cE re
* Tested equipment for faults (like broken or cracked hoses/belts, inoperative lights and worn
_ tlres) . Ly
+ Replaced and removed batterles .
«+ Giled and greased tools: . 7
+ Checked and runvehicles to quarantee correct working orders; and transported venicles for
‘fefuellng and servicing,
® This Free Resume Templateéis the copyright of Qwikresume.com.: Usage
Guideli 2,