Jill Proctor | Commercial Finance
Location: xxxxxxxxxx
Telephone: xxxxxxxxxxx
Emails xxxxxxx4xX
Professional Profile
Commercially astute CPA certified Accountant, with over 15 years’ experience of providing comprehensive
high quality commercial finance and accounting support senices to businesses across SE Asia, the Middle
East and Australia within Global Travel Retail, Management Consultancy, Commodities, Mining, Energy,
Financial Services and Telecommunications.
Utilising my expertise In finance and operational management { have been pivolal to ensuring businesses
under my control are equipped with the tools necessary to mect aggressive sales and growth plans. | am
expert al financial analysis, forecasting, excel modeling, pricing strategies, idantifying new markat opportunities
and implementing internal controls to ensure adherence to compliance whilst minimising business risk.
Core Skills
« Commercial Finance e® Scenario Analysis « Business Development
« Business Strategies e Forecasting e Gontract Negotiation
« Operational Efficiency «e Risk Management ® Senior Stakeholder
¢ Transformation Programs © = MStatutory Management
ry Reporting
Career Summary
Mar 2016 = Nov 2016 XXAAXKANAX AN
Regional senlor accountant (Contract)
Outline
Supported tha Global Travel Retall arm with commerclal/marketing financial analysis, financial reporting,
governance and compfiance systems/process Improvements. Direct reporting line to Head of Finance tor
Global Travel Retail. :
Key Responsibilities
* Frequent liaison with Country BDMs to analyse variances agains! budget and forecast and providing
expertise for business case development.
¢ Consolidated and validated data for monthly/quarterly results to improve accuracy of Information with
detailed supporting analysis fully aligned with brands and regions.
Key Achievement/Projects
+ Evaluated cost of goods sold across GTR Asia Pacific and the Middle East and major airparts lo
maximise ROI through improved gross margin.
* Created and implemented SOPs for Procure to Pay processes which enabled the Global Travel
Retalt Commercial team to more accurately manage and track a £18m Advertising and Promotion
budget.
* Collaborated with the Asia Pacific Commercial Director ta optimise control of a £8m Advertising and
promotion budget.
Aug 2012 ~ Dec 2015 AXXXAXAKAXKANAK
Senlor Financlal Consultant
Outline
Provided consultancy specialising in enterpriso transformation, across energy, mining and construction
industries. Direct reporting lina to Consulting Manager (Asia).
Key Responsibilitios ; ;
+ Implemented organisational/change management programs atigned with the businass’ strategy
across geographically disparate locations.
.© Gained buy-in (rom C-Level Executives on the overall vision.
Key Achiavement/Projects ;
e Provided cnucial financial and organisational expertise to ihe marketing and sales manager during
"negotiations to secure a contract with Japan Gas Corporation (JGC) PETRONAS worth in excess of
$2m over 2 years.
e Utilised the exceltent relationship | developed with the PETRONAS project director to secura JMJ's
Pago 1