© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA94105 8 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com
SUMMARY Motivated, experienced Accountant who effectively manages multiple projects, and possesses superior
organizational and problem solving skills. A self-starter with a positive attitude and willingness to support
company goals is seeking a challenging position.
SKILLS « Billing and Collections « Assists with Month End Close
« Accounts Payable/ Receivable « Accounting Software/ Microsoft Office
« Human Resources/ Payroll « Notary Commissioned
« General Ledger Maintenance « Participates in yearly audits
EXPERIENCE GRANT ACCOUNTANT 06/2013 to CURRENT
Catholic Community Services Of | Bellingham, WA
« Maintains General Ledger.
* Assists with Month End Close.
« Month End Reporting/ Invoicing of assigned grants.
« Trains new employees on accounting principles and company procedures.
« Creates periodic reports comparing budgeted costs to actual costs.
« Weekly draw down cash from the State of Missouri utilizing the Financial Reporting System.
* Facilitates Accounts Receivable, including billing and collections.
« Processes Accounts Payable using Sage software.
* Manages many budgets for several grants, awards and contracts.
« Documents fiscal procedures and revises fiscal procedures as needed.
« Forecasting for several programs and departments as requested.
ACOOUNT CLERK 09/2012 to 06/2013
Geodis | Riverside, CA
« Accounts Payable
e Payroll
* General Ledger Reconciliation
« Accounts Receivable
ACCAINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 06/2006 to 06/2017
Columbus Mckinnon Corporation | Damascus, VA
e« Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep.
« Cash management for various projects.
* Managed school picture program.
« Managed parking tag program.
« Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.
*« Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.
« Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates.
« Facilitated the changes to the student handbook each year.
« Implemented the staff and student iD program.
ACOOUNTING MANAGER 05/2005 to 06/2006
24 Hour Fitness Worldwide, Inc. | Monrovia, CA
*« Processed and reconciled Accounts Payable.
« Processed and reconciled Accounts Receivable including deposits.
« Facilitated all Billing and Collections.
* Maintained integrity of general ledger, including the chart of accounts.
« Filed tax returns and prepared governmental reports in compliance with strict standards.
« Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures each month.
« Analyzed and researched accounting issues to improve accounting operations procedures.
* Performed cost analysis as needed.
ACCAINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT AND BILLING SPECIALIST 01/1997 to 05/2004
Reliable Disposal, Inc./ IESI | City, STATE
* Accurately performed billing for three departments.
« Facilitated collections for all delinquent accounts.
e« Setup new accounts including credit requests.
« Created account merge and billing process for IES! after acquiring several small companies, facilitating
a smooth merge of all companies.
* Performed complete payroll including payroll taxes.
* Managed accounts payable and accounts receivable.
* Reconciliation of vendor statements.
EDUCATION AND Associate of Applied Science | Accounting
TRAINING St. Louis Community College, St. Louis, MO
Accounting
HcQors Project Completed in Financial Accounting