JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
TF TTF TT SULLARY -—,-! _YRRANTJc
Results-oriented Accountant with over 20 years of experience in accounting, human management, Banking operations and working with a team
of industry professionals. Quick and eager leamer with acute attention to detail and consistent track record of identifying process improvements
to drive quality, accuracy and efficiency. Proven history of top-level performance and -motivated employee with desire to take on new
challenges, adaptability and exceptional interpersonal skills Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills.
TF TTF TT TO SY, SELLS ._
* Budgetary Govemance ° Goal Setting:
e GAAP Accounting ¢ Employee Motivation
* Tax Return Filing Performance Assessment
« Financial Portfolio Management e Finance and Accounting Oversight
¢ Regulatory Compliance * Management Team Building
« Financial Statements Review * Resource Allocation
« Account Reconciliation « Recruitment and Hiring
* Verbal and Written Communication e Sales Promotion
« Fixed Assets Management ¢ Team Leadership
¢ Payroll Management e Administrative Management
* Processing Checks and Invoices ¢ Performance Evaluation and Monitoring
¢ Payroll Auditing * Cost Reduction
* Financtal Reporting * Process Improvements
« Cash Analysis
TT TTF TTT EXPrRENCE OOo
Accountant, 11/2013 - 12/2021
Eenteler — Houston, TX
« Analyzed revenue and expenditure trends and recommended appropriate budget levels to business operations leaders.
« Monitored balance sheets and income statements to evaluate financial performance.
« Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures, and correct problems with physical and digital files.
« Calculated and prepared checks for utilities, taxes and other payments.
* Prepared accurate and concise reports, conveying progress, issues and solutions.
« Displayed strong telephone etiquette, effectively handling difficult calls.
« Implemented strategies to take advantage of new opportunities.
* Verified and posted account transactions to prepare checks and maintain accounting ledgers.
* Maintained regular performance appraisals for subordinates through verbal, written and on-going review programs.
Branch Manager, 01/2010 - 06/2011
Mig Logistics - Humble, TX
¢ Disciplined employees to encourage compliance with company policies and procedures.
« Boosted customer base, acquiring new customers and identifying needs to deliver relevant products.
« Assigned duties to employees and examined work for accuracy, neatness and timeliness.
¢ Built strong rapport with new and existing clients to better serve financial needs and promote branch loyalty.
« Supported outside sales force in servicing and obtaining new business.
* Verified cash by balancing cash drawers and maintaining cash count records.
° Managed and inspired team members to perform to full potential, driving branch profitability.
* Increased efficiency and drove branch revenue by optimizing daily operations.
¢ Managed relationships with tax authorities, bankers and auditors.
Head of Operations, 03/2006 - 12/2009
Getir — San Francisco, CA
* Assisted tellers with daily activities such as check approval, adding checks, locating errors and resolving member related questions.
¢ Performed transactional, operational and customer support tasks through knowledge of bank procedures and products.
© Built and maintained client relationships through quality, personalized interactions.
* Opened new checking, savings and lines of credit for customer accounts.
¢ Trained employees on cash drawer operation.
« Delivered exceptional service to customers in person or over telephone.
* Used a strong knowledge of banking products and services to confidently educate customers about features, benefits and pricing.
© Performed regular audits of teller activities maintaining signed records.
« Evaluated, documented and provided on-going feedback to tellers to improve work performance.
¢ Ordered checks, placed stop payment orders and conducted additional special services for customers.
Head Teller, 01/2001 - 02/2006
Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. — South Williamson, KY
* Helped customers open and close accounts, apply for loans and make sound financial decisions.
* Met or exceeded sales goals by promoting bank products and services in customer interactions.
© Reduced errors by double checking transactions.
« Served large number of customers during high volume shifts and remained composed and professional in stressful situations.
¢ Adhered to strict guidelines regarding financial and customer data to avoid breaches and information misuse.
e Handled daily team scheduling and properly staffed shifts.
* Welcomed customers and offered pleasant service during entire transaction.
¢ Handled cash transactions, balanced cash drawers, performed loan payments and issued cashier's checks.
« Balanced bank's vault of daily cash for withdrawals and deposits.
* Performed basic administrative tasks regarding banking products by handling phone calls, inquiries and emails.
e Verified amounts and integrity of every check or funds transfer.
 __ EDvc aaron And TRANG
Bachelor of Arts: Accounting, 12/1998
Yaba College of Technology - Lagos , Nigeria
Associate of Arts: Accounting, 12/1993
Yaba College of Technology - Lagos, Nigeria
High School Diploma: 06/1988 .
Horo Grammar School - Lagos, Nigeria
a ._ LAN races Sia
English:
Negotiated: