Jessica Claire
© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *%® (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com
SUMMARY Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various
environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.
SKILLS « Guest services « Loss prevention
« Inventory contro! procedures « Cash register operations
* Merchandising expertise « Product promotions
EXPERIENCE ACCOUNTANT 01/2018 to 05/2022
Avient | Romeoville, IL
« Examined financial statements and income statements to review company's financial performance.
« Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.
« Collected and assembled financial data to analyze costs on year-to-year basis relative to fiscal planning
and budgeting activities.
« Examined budget estimates for completeness, accuracy and conformance with procedures and
regulations.
* Completed budget plans for approval and submission by managerial staff.
« Conducted statistical analyses to determine trends and significant changes and wrote narrative reports
explaining findings:
e Analyzed monthly department budgeting and accounting reports to maintain expenditure controls.
* Maintained accurate invoice summaries and collection records to enhance monitoring of billing and
cash inflows.
« Interacted with internal and external auditors to help complete audits and resolve issues.
« Calculated and prepared checks for utilities, taxes and other payments.
« Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable, bank reconciliations and payroll function.
* Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.
* Developed and implemented cost and budget processes to ensure budget control and accurate
forecasting.
« Managed payroll processing and changes for [Number] employees.
« Prepared P&L reports and financial statements for review by management..
* Managed employee benefits and allowances
* Tracked income and expenses for business using accounting software.
SACES ASSOCIATE 11/2015 to 01/2018
Lumber Liquidators, Inc. | Swansea, MA
« Collected payments and provided accurate change.
« Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.
« Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
« Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application or
usage.
* Built and maintained relationships with peers and upper management fo drive team success.
* Engaged customers in friendly, professional dialogue to determine needs.
« Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and promotions.
« Worked with fellow sales team members to achieve group targets.
« Engaged positively with each customer, providing professional and polite support for sales and service
needs.
« Replaced and adjusted signs to reflect different products and promotional prices.
HcXJSEKEEPER 06/2013 to 10/2015
Oakwood Worldwide | San Antonio, TX
* Kept facilities in good condition through regular upkeep, cleaning and preventive maintenance.
* Supported team operations by keeping supplies well-stocked and stations ready for quest service.
« Assisted guests by promptly handling conflicts, requests and concerns. .
e Greeted and assisted guests entering facility to provide general information and answer questions.
« Resolved guest complaints and coordinated responses to individual needs.
* Vacuumed floors and dusted furniture to maintain organized, professional appearance.
« Employed deep-cleaning techniques for areas in need of additional sanitation.
« Removed finger marks and smudges from doors, frames and glass partitions to enhance shine.
* Moved beds, sofas and small furniture to wipe down baseboards and remove dust and dirt from hard-to-
reach areas.
« Emptied wastebaskets and disposed of soiled linens in guest rooms to reduce spread of germs and
enhance freshness.
« Used cleaning chemicals following proper guidelines.
« Requested maintenance orders to fix non-working equipment and address room damage.
* Performed linen washing, dishwashing, vacuuming, dusting and mopping.
* Observed sanitation and exposure guidelines, maintaining internal protocols to minimize possibility of
on-site infections.
« Followed safety procedures when handling materials and discarding waste.
« Complied with regulations regarding hazardous chemicals storage and disposal, depositing empty
containers in appropriate receptacles.
* Reported incidents of property damage to [Job title], documenting destruction for loss prevention
purposes.
« Replenished drinking glasses, writing supplies and other hotel amenities to provide elements of comfort
and convenience for guests.
« Wrote shift reports detailing housekeeping activities, room vacancies and timekeeping data.
LIKE COOK 09/2072 to 06/2013
Confederated Tribes Of Coos, Lower Umpqua, And Siuslaw Indians | Florence, OR
* Kept stations stocked and ready for use to maximize productivity.
« Carried pans and trays of food to and from work stations, stove and refrigerator.
« Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct food temperature for high scores on
health inspections.
« Restocked food items throughout shift to prepare necessary ingredients for cooking and timely service.
* Maintained hygienic kitchen with regular mopping, disinfecting workspace and washing utensils and
glassware. ,
« Set up and performed initial prep work for soups, sauces and Salads.
« Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of food products.
EDUCATION AND High School Diploma 06/2012
TRAINING Martin Luther King High School, Riverside, CA