Jessica CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ® (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com
Professional Summary
Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills .
Reliable employee . Offering excellent communication and good judgment.
Enthusiastic to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Clear
understanding of TASK and training in skills.
Jam an administrator and accountant graduated university with many years of experience country of origin, Venezuela. I have lived
in this country for 6 years, in the City of Katy, Texas.
Thave taken different Tax courses, with different companies.
J currently have an active Ptin and ASFP approved, in addition to several courses related to Accounting and Taxes.
Iam scheduled to take the exams next year to become an Enrolled Agent.
Thave a life insurance license from the state of Texas.
Jam a notary certified by the state of Texas.
Skills
* Flexible and Adaptable * Decision Making
* Flexible & Adaptable * Leadership
e Collaboration * Organization and Time Management
« Conflict Resolution
Work History
Accountant, 02/2020 to Current
Banner Health — Chandler, AZ
* Prepared and filed tax forms to meet needs of customers
® Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.
* Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
« Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.
« Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifts.
e Manage more than 50% of customer calls.
100% follow-up and resolution of problems.
High level of customer satisfaction
« Gathered data on taxable income, deductibles and allowances for tax preparation
* Conducted technical and analytical reviews of tax returns to check for accuracy and qualified deductions
Tax Preparer/customer Service, 01/2018 to 05/2019
Americas Tax LLC - City, STATE
* Management and control of all the steps to efficiently carry out a tax return.
* Preparation of more than 60% of the personal statements the office.
e Comprehensive attention to the public in all their questions or needs, in person or by phone.
* Delivered comprehensive tax documentation required for accurate individual and corporate returns
* Consulted with clients to assess and mitigate future tax liabilities and determine eligibility for tax abatement
¢ Offered clients recommendations to reduce tax liabilities
* Conducted reviews of internal tax documentation, reducing errors related to missed tax benefits
e Reviewed available data and compared against tax code to determine exemptions, deductions and potential liabilities
* Prepared tax returns, extensions, tax planning calculations and write-ups for organizations and entities
* Interviewed clients to collect information and gather necessary paperwork prior to preparing tax returns
¢ Maintained complete records of client tax returns and supporting documentation in secured areas
Accountant and Administrator, 01/2006 to 02/2015
BANK BANESCO VENEZUELA - City, STATE
* Managed the growth or expansion of the administration and accounting management in 3 years.
Implement standards and procedures toe provide quick and high-quality responses.
Thad under their responsibility three managers of the company.
* Managed month-end prepaid expenses, accrued expenses and other tasks to close books.
* Assisted with preparation of external audits for companies’ internal use and federal or other agency requirements.
* Reviewed and verified accuracy of account balances and classifications.
* Took swift action on accounting issues and system discrepancies.
¢ Prepared working papers, reports and supporting documentation for audit findings.
¢ Trained new employees on accounting principles and company procedures.
* Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines
* Detected and corrected mistakes early on and implemented systems to avoid recurring issues
e Used advanced software to prepare documents, reports and presentations
Education
Bachelor of Science: ADMINISTRADOR CONTABLE , 03/1997
Universidad Catolica Andres Bello - Venezuela
Associate of Science: TECNICO SUPERIOR EN CONTABILIDAD , 1996
INSTITUTO TECNICO UNIVERSITARIO - CARACAS-VENEZUELA
Associate of Science: TECNICO EN CONTABILIDAD , 08/1988
CENTRO CONTABLE VENEZOLANO - CARACAS- VENEZUELA
Certifications
Bachelor of Administration, 23 years of experience
insurance administration manager, 12 years of experience
* accountant, 19 years of experience
Languages
Spanish:
Negotiated: