JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Flocr @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Experienced Senior Accountant seeks to continue career at the Carter Township of Clinton as Assistant Director of Finance with the benefit of 8
years of governmental fund accounting and assistance with management of Township financial records.
TF TTF OaooOoo>_ ELL Ul
« Accounts payable ¢ Financial statement review
« Accounts receivable « Expertise in BS&A Software & Microsoft Office Products
* Interpersonal skills e General ledger accounting
¢ Financial reporting e Budget Analysis
« Fixed Assets « Account reconciliation processes
* Supervising « Cash Flow analysis
FO TT _ Work ASTOR OO
Accountant, 04/2012 - Current
Always Best Care — Hamden, CT
« Preparation of various audit workpapers to complete the annual audit process, including working closely with the extemal audit team.
e Reconcile and Prepare the Township's Annual Local Unit Fiscal Report to be filed with the state of Michigan (F-65).
° Assist the Director of Finance with the preparation of the Township's annual budget, including working directly with various department
heads.
* Manage Township cell tower lease agreements and payments.
¢ Reconcile and prepare quarterly Public Housing and 41B District Court billing, communicating directly with each respective office.
¢ Reconcile and prepare quarterly traffic grant reporting, working with Police Lieutenants and Macomb County representative.
e Reconcile and post the Township's monthly5/3 purchasing card transactions. Including maintaining the 5/3 site users, vendors, and general
ledger account information.
¢ Reconcile and prepare annual DEA Equitable Sharing Program Annual Report.
* Maintain Street Lighting charges to process monthly billing and annual assessing data for lighting district calculations.
« Prepare monthly bank reconciliations.
« Prepare and post monthly CDBG payroll allocations.
* Reconcile and prepare monthly retiree insurance charges, including processing related invoices.
© Post monthly postage usage and weekly gas usage to the general ledger. .
© Prepare annual Citizen's Guide and Community Dashboard posted on Township website working with various departments to gather data.
¢ Prepare continuing disclosure data related to bond issue.
¢ Compile data related to annual insurance renewal.
* Created and maintain cost tracking on Township cost sharing road projects, including correspondence with the Macomb County
Department of Roads.
¢ Department coordinator for FOIA requests.
« Support processing of payroll and accounts payable.
« Administrator of BS&A software, working with various departments when problems arise.
Staff Through Senior Accountant, 06/2001 - 04/2012
UY, LLP F/k/a Follmer, Rudzewicz Advisors — City, STATE
¢ Provide services to middle market companies that include financial, business and strategic planning, benchmarking, tax planning, financial
reporting, operational improvements, and other related services.
© Perform audits of retirement benefit plans such as 401(k) plans to ensure compliance with the Department of Labor requirements.
* Handle complex tasks and projects including leading engagements and supervising staff.
« Recognize complex technical issues, evaluate facts efficiently, and use strategic decision-making skills to assist management in in solving
problems.
* Supervised, trained and reviewed work of staff accountants.
« Ensured the successful completion of several engagements simultaneously within tight deadlines.
¢ Performed review of work papers to ensure all accounting and reporting issues were resolved.
* Served as primary contact for clients.
* Demonstrated effective communication and interpersonal skills by developing and maintaining client relationships.
¢ Received exceptional performance reviews in evaluations.
— Edecaticxn i
Bachelor of Science: Accounting, 06/2001
Oakland University - Rochester, MI
TT TFT ARLIATONS Soe
° Over 10 years of experience working in public accounting working in various industries including manufacturing, distribution, service and
retail sales. American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
* Michigan Association of Certified Public Accountants
TT _ CrTFICALONS RO
* Certified Public Accountant (CPA) March 2003 - December 2013
* Registered Public Accountant January 2014 - Present
zg ttt §§ gS ADDITIONAL LNEORMLATON
¢ Volunteer teaching Catechism at St. Isidore Catholic Church
* Volunteered coordinating fund raising events for Football and Baseball organizations.
* Volunteer to coordinate back stage activities at dance studio events.