JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
— Tm TTT SELLY
Communicative relater and team-oriented individual with strong adaptability to people, and a variety of situation and work environments.
Experienced in building or redeveloping Policy and Procedures. Exceptional verbal and written communication skills and project management
abilities.
TT TTT SELLS HO ?P. TY
* QuickBooks * Payment processing
* General ledger entries e ID verification
¢ Accounts payable Issue resolution
* Accounting and bookkeeping * Liquor regulations and compliance
« Customer relations ¢ Knowledge of wine and spirits
« Account reconciliation * Customer assistance
¢ Team development * Cash drawer balancing
¢ Community outreach * Credit and cash transactions
* Volunteer engagement ¢ Staff mentoring
© Training oversight e Event coordination
¢ File and Records Management * Scheduling and calendar management
« Time management « File and data retrieval systems
* Volunteer evaluations ° Training and coaching
¢ Volunteer needs assessments * Microsoft Office
* Volunteer scheduling « Data entry
¢ Grant writing * Invoicing and billing
© Effective customer communication e Event planming and execution
« Customer support and assistance ¢ Internet and E-mail Marketing
« Cash register operation ¢ PPE use
* Merchandise restocking « Analytical
« POS systems . Flexible
TT ERENCE OHO,
Accountant, 05/2017 - 08/2017
Alston & Bird ~ Ny, NY
* Reconciliation of expenditures of $ 512 million annual budget.
« Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.
* Prepared and reviewed financial statements, resolving discrepancies after careful analysis,
* Assisted with quarterly financial documents.
Call Center Customer Service Specialist, 10/2016 - 01/2017
State Of Washington — Olympia, WA
* Boosted productivity by maintaining strong call contro] and quickly working through scripts to address diverse problems.
« Pursved opportunities to advance client relations skills and further enhance customer satisfaction in every interaction.
« Resolved average of 80 inquiries per week to consistently meet performance benchmarks, including speed, accuracy and volume.
* Met or exceeded call speed, accuracy and volume benchmarks on consistent basis.
¢ Shared detailed information regarding the diverse company offered pest control options to help customers make decisions.
* Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and. service complaints.
¢ Documented conversations with customers to track requests, problems and solutions.
« Assisted 250+ callers per week in fast-paced environment.
¢ Evaluated customer account information to assess current issues and determine potential solutions.
© Consulted with customers to determine best methods to resolve service and billing issues.
¢ Corresponded with Technician department team members to build and implement successful solutions to customer problems.
Cashier/Overnight Crew Member, 07/2016 - 01/2017
Kroger — City, STATE
« Assisted customers based on currently available product, promotional and policy information.
* Reviewed current planograms and end cap placements to properly merchandise items.
¢ Prepared products for sales floor by adding tags and readying pallets or restocking.
¢ Updated signage to reflect current prices and help promote target merchandise.
¢ Helped customers complete purchases, including processing payments and bagging items.
« Removed product from boxes and placed on shelves according to merchandising guidelines.
* Observed strict safety measures while stocking shelves to prevent falls and mishaps.
Office Administrative Assistant, 07/2015 - 01/2016
Progressive Communicationsinc — City, STATE
* Sorted and distributed business correspondence to correct department or staff member, reducing dropped communications and enabling
faster responses to key requests.
¢ Conducted research using various media sources to obtain relevant data for staff requirements.
« Answered phones to direct callers, schedule appointments and provide general office information.
* Set up and maintained physical and electronic filing systems to maintain organizational efficiency.
« Prepared packages for shipment by generating invoices and setting up courier deliveries.
© Organized conference room space and materials for internal and customer meetings, took notes and distributed meeting minutes to support
executive needs.
¢ Oversaw office inventory by restocking supplies and submitting purchase orders.
¢ Maintained office safety by screening visitors, updating logs and issuing temporary passes.
* Obtained scanned records and uploaded to database.
* Responsible for researching state, and other applicable laws in 15+ states and locations while keeping concise records required for our
company to obtain titles and/or permits to operate at all times.
* Managed office duties, including ordering materials, organizing Workspaces, answering emails and making phone calls.
TTT ED ATION AND TRALEE
Associate of Science: Business Administration And Management, 05/2007
North Central Texas College - Bowie, TX
* Dean's List 2006-2007
Bachelor of Science: Business Education
Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT
e Completed Two Semesters
TTT A TITTIES AND HON 088
PTO President- Nocona Elementary School, Nocona ISD 2013-2015"
—— _ CRIFICATONS oO
* Nocona Elementary School -Mentor/Mentee Program Award 2014/2015
« Licensed American Association of Notaries - Est 2015