Automotive Service Advisor. ‘Phone: (1.23) 456 78 99
To a ; on, cf Emalt: Info@qvrikresurne.com
R OB ERT S M IT H. Linkedin:
, Inkedinicom/qulkresurne:
Address; 1737 Marshyllle Road,
Alabama.
Objective.
‘Dillgent mechanical technician with four years of performance critical and hands-on education .
experience In the field. Top techniclan during acquisition of automotive technology degree;
‘applying experlence and skills ta,repalr and maintain high quality equipment for advanced
technology... ‘ ‘ , i , :
Skills:
16 Years Of Customer Service Experience, 14-Years Cf Computer Experience, 4 Years Of
Work Experience
Automotive Service Advisor
FIRESTONE COMPLET AUTO CARE = February 2016 -:2019.
+ Responsible for opening and closing store and performed associated dutles unstiperviséd.
* ‘Organized and Count Inventory for Submission to, Corporate Office.: ;
+ .Maldtalned Custorner Service Index (CS!).rating as set'by dealership service manager,”
+’ Responsible for the entire customer service experiance from the service. driyé until vehicle Is
turned back over tothe custorner,. .. . . .
+ Scheduled appointments and generatéed. detailed service estimates tallored tothe specific
‘customer: , _ we. . . a ns
+ Advised. custarners on, the care and service of thelr yéhicles and the value of maintenance in
-accordance with the manufacturers specifications. - . .
« Effectively communicated tothe customer'the timeline of repalr and. malntenance..
Automotive Service Advisor:
ABC Corporation~ 2015 - 2016 ; . .
+ 30, hours per week Managed team of five mechanics and assigned service repalr order.
- Ascertalned automotive problanis and.services by IIstening ta customers description of
. Symptoms, carlfying description af prablems, conducting Inspections, taking test: drives,,
checking vehicle maintenance records, examining service schedules: 5
+ Verlfied warranty and service contract coverage by examining records and papers, explaining
provisions and exclusions. : ; :
+ Developed estimates by costing materials, suppiles, and jabor; calculating customers:
payment, Including deductibles, vee 7 .
+ Prepared repalr orders by describing symptoms, problerns, and causes discovered, as well. as
‘tepals and services required; obtalning approval signatures; enterlng repair order [nto service
+ .Malntalnéd customer rapport by explaining estimates and expected return of vehicle;
obtaining customers approval of estimates;:obtalning and providing contact telephone
shumbers;‘answerlng questions and concerns; arranging towing and temporary transportation.
* Heard and resolved customer grievances Maintained automotive records by recording
® This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com.: Usage