JESSICA CLAIRE
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com
TF TTF TT SULLARY -—,-! _YRRANTJc
Innovative Accountant proficient in extracting financial data from various reporting systems and suggesting key operational changes.
TTT 0st ELLs ——M U_4vj+\_\»\4))\N
« Budget forecasting expertise © General ledger accounting
« Analytical reasoning « Expert in customer relations
« Account reconciliation expert * Flexible team player
« Strong organizational skills e Advanced computer proficiency (PC and Mac)
TT TTT Er x0 OOO
Accountant, 03/2016 - Current
Aar Corporation -- Kaneohe, HI
« Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software.
* Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions.
« Worked with management to document and offset unusual expense variances in their respective areas.
« Assisted the CFO with the production of the monthly financials, management reports and board packages.
* Coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice payments.
« Researched and resolved billing and invoice problems.
Accounting Clerk, 03/2010 - 03/2016
Tropicana Entertainment — Greenville, MS
¢ Assisted in the creation of vendor contracts for outside vendors.
© Revised and streamlined inefficient work procedures with automation software.
« Reduced time and costs and increased efficiency by introducing new accounting procedures.
« Suggested process improvements to secure prompt and regular receipts for the organization.
« Coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice payments.
e Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures.
* Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations.
Church Administrator, 03/2006 - Current
Church Of The City New York -- New York, NY
° Plans and implements appropriate $140,000 annual budget (average) and accounting systems.
« Balance checking account and investment accounts and submit reconciliation monthly for Pastor's review and approval.
¢ Developed and implemented a Microsoft Excel Financial Database system for streamlining all financial and charitable contributions record
system for the Church; prepares annual contribution statements, year-end financial reports, financial information for committees and the
Church as needed or requested.
© Attend to banking operations for deposit (cash handling $2,000 or more on weekly basis), check writing and Business Banking Online.
* Maintains the Church's Policies and Procedures Manual; administers payroll for Church employees on a semi-monthly basis and all related
payroll functions.
* Maintains a church membership database for over 100 members which 1s keep confidential.
¢ Monitors and maintains inventory of Church’s property and equipment making repairs and/or replacement as necessary.
* Being thoroughly familiar and abreast with the latest computer software used and might benefit the church.
TTT 0st ELLs ——M U_4vj+\_\»\4))\N
Account reconciliations, Accounting, Accountant, accounting systems, accounting system, Accounts payable, Adobe Acrobat, agency, Balance,
banking, Budget analysis, budget, bi, cash handling, clerical, contracts, cost accounting, Database, fax, FDS, Finance, Financial, Financial
analysis, financial management, financial operations, financial reports, financial statements, fiscal management, forecasting, functional, fund
accounting, funds, General Ledger, Government, grants, Innovation, maintains inventory, inventory, leadership skills, Macintosh, Mainframe,
managerial, managerial accounting, Access, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Excel, Microsoft Office software, Office, Outlook, PowerPoint,
Publisher, Windows, Word, Monitors, newsletter, Payroll, IBM-PC, copier, Policies, processes, profit, Propram Development, proposals,
QuickBooks, reconciling, record keeping, repairs, reporting, scanner, technical support, phone, time management, type, written, annual reports,
year-end
— EDUCATION AND TRANING
Master's: Business Administration, January 2014
Troy University - Phenix City, AL
Business Administration
BBA: Accounting Management, December 2009
Columbus State University - Columbus, GA
Accounting Management
SS ACTIVITES AND HONORE_O—_