Jessica Claire
© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *%® (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com
PROFESSIONAL Bilingual: English / Spanish, degreed Accountant / Controller, with solid background in manufacturing,
SUMMARY banking, and twin plant requirements. Well grounded in U. S. and Mexican financial reporting systems. Detail-
oriented
Accountant with 16 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale financial
organizations. History working as part of financial team to manage diverse financial functions, tax
management and reporting. Works closely with executive management on complex mergers and acquisitions
and divestitures. Detail-oriented Accountant with 16 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting
information for large-scale financial organizations. History working as part of financial team to manage diverse
financial functions, tax management and reporting. Works closely with executive management on complex
mergers and acquisitions and divestitures. Astute accounting professional bringing 16 years of experience in
all type of industry. Successful at revamping and strengthening financial controls, reorganizing processes and
simplifying procedures to maximize efficiency and accuracy of accounting records. Proficient in Accounting
Software. Organized Accountant with 16years of managing accurate accounting information, tax return
support, bookkeeping and corporate operations. Astute financial professional with keen eye for detail and
high level of integrity. Works well in large teams in corporate environments, Familiar with managing schedules,
directing teams and overseeing closing processes. Well-versed in.GAAP, ledger updates and report writing.
Exceptional interpersonal, communication and multitasking abilities. Adept at managing budgets, payroll,
invoicing and all other general accounting functions. Instrumental in keeping business operations fully
compliant and working within budgetary guidelines. Experienced Auditor looking for any Type auditing position
and ready to leverage extensive background in all Area's and auditing. Committed to helping company grow
while ensuring business operations follow state and federal regulations. Detail-oriented and friendly with high
ethical standards.
SKILLS e Accounting Policy and Control * Document Recordkeeping
* Business Operations Analysis « Financial Reporting
* Operational and Ad-Hoc Reporting « Work and Task Scheduling
e Negotiable Securities * Team Building and Leadership
« Relationship Building « Paperwork Processing
« Amortization Valuation ¢ Transaction Security
« Flexible and Adaptable ¢ = Staff Oversight and Leadership.
« Accounts Payable « Creative Thinking
« Processing Checks and Invoices « Taxpayer Account Review
« Journal Entry Preparation « Accounting Terminology
* Tax Liabilities « Financial Recordkeeping
« Financial and Regulatory Consulting « Administrative Oversight
« Accounting Procedures Validation * Quality Assessment
« GAAP Accounting Practices « Data Analysis
« Financial Statements ¢ Journal Entries
« Decision Making « Conflict Resolution
e Asset Utilization « Results Orientation
« Inventory Assessment « Client Representation
* Financial Statements Review « Tax Return Preparation
« Problem-Solving « Auditing
« Stock Valuation « Funds Oversight
« Extravagance and Fraud Detection « Schedule Coordination
« Asset Utilization Reports ¢ =©Microsoft Office
« Business Operations and Forecasting « Intuit QuickBooks
« Systems Efficiency Evaluation *« Client Advisement
*« Accounting Records Analysis « Resource Monitoring and Control
* Payroll Auditing « General Ledger
« Monthly and Annual Journal Entries « Strategy Development
« Effective and Professional Communication « {nternational Accounting Standards
« Audit Preparation ¢ Financial Litigation Support
* Payroll Management ¢ Financial Information Systems
« Critical Thinking and Analysis « Accruals
e Discrepancy Reconciliation « Clear Communication
« Personnel Recordkeeping Review « Transaction Recording
« Non-Compliance Assessment « = Task Prioritization
e Cash Analysis « Federal and State Tax Examination
« Account Reconciliation * Service Oriented
* Verbal and Written Communication ¢ Employee Motivation
« Inventory Verification « Compliance Software
« Reliability and Integrity Improvement « Deadline Attainment
« Accounting Management Assessment * Team Collaboration
* Financial Controls « Goal Development
* Accounting Software Systems « Attention to Detail
« Financial Projections | * Taxpayer Account Audits.
e Report Preparation * Accounting System Design
« Information Systems Examination « Teamwork and Coordination
* Fixed Assets Management ¢ Financial Data Analysis
« Investigation Scope Determinations
WORK HISTORY ACCOUNTANT 10/2017 to CURRENT
Albertsons Companies | Methuen, MA
« Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
« Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.
* Conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate, partnership and S
corporation tax returns, FAS 109 provisions, and quarterly estimates prepared by associates.
« Improved efficiency of data collection, analysis and modeling to enhance practices and increase
customer retention.
e Drove client satisfaction by identifying maximum adjustments, deductions and credits.
« Modified comprehensive financial reporting package to reflect growing organizational complexity.
« Prepared and filed state and federal tax forms for commercial and individual clients.
« Setup and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize
operational success.
« Maintained up-to-date knowledge on permits, certificates and documents mandatory for government
departments.
« Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare
accurate forecasts.
* Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for preparation of
annual 1095 forms.
* Helped clients navigate interactions with tax authorities and legal concerns related to financial matters.
« Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile
production operations and general ledger.
« Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced
software proficiencies.
« Brought errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.
*« Documented cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
« Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating
and cash and banking reconciliations.
« {dentified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts.
*« Gathered data on taxable income, deductibles and allowances for tax preparation.
« Proactively researched technical tax issues related to consulting projects.
« Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets.
e Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.
« Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.
*« Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.
e Enhanced budget administration by reviewing reports, leveraging knowledge to strengthen controls and
improve transparency.
« Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of
improvement.
STCFF TAX ACCOUNTANT 02/2010 to 03/2017
Hancock Askew & Co | Miami, FL
« Prepared federal and state income tax returns for individuals, businesses, trusts, estates and non-
profits.
« Audited client financial records to determine tax liability.
« Conducted tax reviews and compilations to identify potential exposure areas and provided suggestions.
« Created financial plan for clients to serve as framework for organizing components of financial
situations.
¢ Trained clients on QuickBooks to help make tax management easier.
« Represented clients before federal, state and local taxing authorities.
« Kept up to date on current income tax developments and advised clients to make proper adjustments.
* Performed analysis on inventory, accounts receivable and accounts payable balance sheet accounts.
« Examined accounts and records and computed tax returns according to prescribed rates, laws and
regulations.
« Researched and provided summary memos on technical tax issues at request of partners and clients.
« Recorded, classified and summarized financial transactions and events in accordance with accounting
principles.
« Remained educated in all current tax laws for both US and foreign countries.
« Assisted with implementation of timely, cost-effective state tax planning strategies designed to create
value and enhance company's worldwide tax position.
« Prepared and documented accurate tax work papers for straightforward to moderately complicated
income and franchise tax returns.
* Drafted tax documentation subject to detailed review and approval by department management.
« Prepared simple to moderate State tax-related financial statement calculations, entries and disclosures.
* Worked closely with clients to properly fill out tax forms and file tax returns electronically.
« Performed tasks under limited supervision related to income tax compliance such as returns,
extensions, forecasts and tax provisions for business sectors and corporate heritage business units.
ALOIT ASSISTANT 10/2008 to 10/2009
The First National Bank Of Long Island | Hicksville, NY
« Performed auditing work in accordance with GAAS (Generally Accepted Auditing Standards) to meet
rigorous standards.
* Worked audit engagements for industries in engineering, manufacturing, non-profit and human
resources.
* Conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate, partnership and S
corporation tax returns, FAS 109 provisions, and quarterly estimates prepared by associates.
* Compiled general ledger entries on short schedule with 100% accuracy.
« Inspected general ledger for accuracy.
* Established alternative audit, accounting and internal control procedures and recommended process
improvements to aid clients in addressing deficiencies.
e Interacted with key client management to gather information, resolve audit-related problems and make
recommendations for business and process improvements.
« Assessed financial statements and records.
« Followed up on reviews to assess and report on completion or progress of corrective actions.
*« Reviewed accounting clients’ financial data systems to determine functional compliance.
« Analyzed trends over monthly, quarterly and annual financial data to investigate fluctuations.
*« Reviewed and assessed accounting systems and business controls.
* Completed planning, budgeting, and fieldwork and for audit engagements.
« Executed litigation support by examining canceled checks, expense accounts, invoices and bank
records.
« Performed extensive assessments of payables and receivables, equity, debt and revenue to verify
accuracy in financial reports.
« Recommended changes in internal audit controls.
* {dentified various risks and errors in accounts to propose corrective action to client management.
« Trained new employees on accounting principles and company procedures.
« Determined financial and operational audit areas, providing most economical and efficient use of audit
resources.
« Collected and reported monthly expense variances and explanations.
* Resolved financial and tax issues and maximized customer Satisfaction scores.
*« Cooperated with senior leaders to create operating budgets and initiate financial planning.
e Initiated comprehensive account assessments to check viability, stability and profitability of business
operations.
« Provided journal entries and performed accounting on accrual basis.
« Tracked funds, prepared deposits and reconciled accounts.
*« Completed audit papers by thoroughly documenting audit tests and findings.
* Identified audit risks, prepared budgets and coordinated with management and audit team in preparing
related reports. ,
* Maintained up-to-date knowledge of tax codes, legislation and tax programs.
« Enhanced audit controls by improving planning and testing processes.
* Developed and implemented corrective actions to bring business areas in line with standards.
« Identified management control weaknesses and provided value added suggestions for remediation.
« Upheld strict confidentiality protocols with client details and tax return information.
« Reported RO!s using Excel spreadsheets.
« Used accounting software to issue tax returns and prepare consolidated reports.
* Computed taxes owed by applying prescribed rates, laws and regulations.
« Facilitated financial and operational audits, working with internal and external managers to communicate.
recommendations or issues surrounding audits.
« Diminished outstanding debts by analyzing accounts for issues.
* Prepared quarterly LP financial reports for various venture capital funds.
« Prepared working papers, reports and supporting documentation for audit findings.
« Suggested key budgetary changes to increase company profits.
« Worked with management at project level fo achieve expense plans.
* Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.
« Proactively researched technical tax issues related to consulting projects.
« Reviewed accounts, resolved coding areas and tracked recurring expenses for accrual entry.
* Maintained integrity of general ledger and chart of accounts.
ALOIT MANAGER 01/2005 to 10/2008
Mayer Hoffman Mccann P.C. | Phoenix, AZ
« Conducted strategic and technical reviews to verify compliance with quality control standards, schedule
constraints and budget parameters.
« Trained and mentored department staff on policies and procedures to establish strong foundation for
client development and service activities.
* Conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate, partnership and S
corporation tax returns, FAS 109 provisions, and quarterly estimates prepared by associates.
* Compiled general ledger entries on short schedule with 100% accuracy.
e« Gathered and analyzed financial data to determine improvement efforts.
« Coordinated, managed and implemented projects for auditor and examiner evaluations.
« Analyzed accounting systems for efficiency and effectiveness.
« Developed high-level knowledge of client business goals, policies and procedures to establish
foundation for targeted problem solutions.
« Cultivated mutually beneficial relationships with clients and company financial officers to facilitate
improved business operations.
« Interacted with internal staff and clients to improve operational knowledge of relevant tax issues and
business implications.
* Participated in billing and collections operations to facilitate client payment of overdue invoices.
* Analyzed complex client problems and generated targeted solutions that resolved outstanding issues
while enhancing client business positions. ,
* Recommended changes to management regarding financial operations.
« Facilitated internal audits and prepared detailed reports on findings.
* Communicated with clients to engage in cross-selling and upselling activities and improve business
generation results.
« Partnered with internal managers to deliver client proposals and presentations and increase
department sales revenues.
« Prepared working papers, reports and supporting documentation for audit findings.
« Provided journal entries and performed accounting on accrual basis.
« Maintained up-to-date knowledge of tax codes, legislation and tax programs.
* Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.
« Reviewed accounts, resolved coding areas and tracked recurring expenses for accrual entry.
* Initiated comprehensive account assessments to check viability, stability and profitability of business
operations.
* {dentified management control weaknesses and provided value added suggestions for remediation.
« Suggested key budgetary changes to increase company profits.
« Tracked funds, prepared deposits and reconciled accounts.
« Enhanced audit controls by improving planning and testing processes.
« Upheld strict confidentiality protocols with client details and tax return information.
* Trained new employees on accounting principles and company procedures.
« Developed and implemented corrective actions to bring business areas in line with standards.
* Prepared quarterly LP financial reports for various venture capital funds.
*« Cooperated with senior leaders to create operating budgets and initiate financial planning.
« {dentified audit risks, prepared budgets and coordinated with management and audit team in preparing
related reports.
« Maintained integrity of general ledger and chart of accounts.
« Facilitated financial and operational audits, working with internal and external managers to communicate
recommendations or issues surrounding audits.
« Diminished outstanding debts by analyzing accounts for issues.
« Reported ROls using Excel spreadsheets.
« Proactively researched technical tax issues related to consulting projects.
« Determined financial and operational aucit areas, providing most economical and efficient use of aucit
resources.
« Worked with management at project level to achieve expense plans.
e Resolved financial and tax issues and maximized customer satisfaction scores.
« Completed audit papers by thoroughly documenting audit tests and findings.
« Used accounting software to issue tax returns and prepare consolidated reports.
« Computed taxes owed by applying prescribed rates, laws and regulations.
« Collected and reported monthly expense variances and explanations.
EDUCATION (© BBA| Taxation 10/2005
ITCJ, Ciudad Juarez
ACCOMPLISHMENTS © «_ | Reduce Non-deductible expenses in 80%.
*« Implemented accounting policies and procedures.
« Implemented policies for sales person expenses.
LANGUAGES English: Spanish:
Negotiated: Negotiated: