JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
— Tm TTT SELLY
Personable and dedicated Customer Service Representative with extensive experience in Medical and Trucking industry. Solid team player with
upbeat, positive attitude and proven skill in establishing rapport with clients. Motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to
company success. Articulate, enthusiastic and results-oriented with demonstrated passion for building relationships, cultivating partnerships and
growing businesses. .
Sa TTT OSS 8—O
¢ Medical Billing and Collections ¢ Decision Making
* Effective and Professional Communication « Responding to Difficult Customers
e Flexible and Adaptable * Customer Data Confidentiality
© Financial Statements Review ¢ Shipping and Receiving Understanding
¢ Accounting Records Analysis * Inbound and Outbound Calling
« Problem-Solving ¢ Data Entry and Maintenance
* Verbal and Written Communication ° Efficient and Detail-Onented
—_Jo eq OEYReEcr —_—
Accountant, 06/2021 - Current
Bancfirst Corporation - Duncan, OK
© Emailed and mailed invoices and reminders to clients to obtain payments within expected deadlines.
¢ Evaluated services rendered and generated invoices for clients.
« Responded to client inquiries regarding billing discrepancies by researching issues.
* Processed refunds and overpayments for clients by crediting customer accounts or giving bill credits.
¢ Opened, sorted and monitored claims.
* Developed and updated spreadsheets in [Software] to track claims information.
¢ Created case files, professional correspondence and claims notices.
* Followed detailed end-of-month accounting procedures to verify proper balancing of accounts and readiness for new month.
* Managed weekly inventory and supply tracking, noting items requiring reorder.
« Resolved vendor and employee inquiries about invoices and purchases quickly through research.
* Verified vendor accounts by reviewing documentation, rectifying issues and contacting account holders.
Customer Service Manager, 03/1999 - 11/2021
Pae Government Services Inc — Detroit, MI
¢ Demonstrated excellent communication skills in resolving product and consumer complaints.
© Delivered fast, friendly and knowledgeable service for routine questions and service complaints.
« Established positive rapport with customers, managers and customer service team members to maintain positive and successful work
environment.
¢ Maintained knowledge of company products and services to promptly resolve complaints and concerns.
« Assisted staff with resolving complex customer issues and implementing targeted solutions.
« Investigated sensitive customer service complaints and delivered prompt resolution to customer satisfaction.
« Assisted customers with making payments or establishing payment plans to bring accounts current.
* Upheld quality control policies and procedures to increase customer satisfaction.
¢ Entered invoices into account software, updated accounts and identified aging balanced ready for collections activities.
Office Manager, 11/2001 - 06/2021
Catholic Health Initiative - Long Beach, CA
© Oversaw receiving and organizing correspondence, answering and forwarding calls and creating business letters and records.
¢ Maintained impeccable office organization to support efficiency, professionalism and performance obj ectives.
¢ Managed office inventory and placed new supply orders.
« Handled scheduling and managed timely and effective allocation of resources and calendars.
© Trained and mentored administrative staff members in company policies, daily task execution and industry best practices.
* Sustained office efficiency by implementing and planning office systems, equipment procurement and layouts.
¢ Implemented corporate or departmental policies, procedures and service standards in conjunction with management.
* Created notices and advertisements for available vacancies on job seeker websites.
* Implemented and maintained company protocols to facilitate smooth daily activities.
« Coded and entered daily invoices with in-house accounting software.
* Reviewed files and records to obtain information and respond to requests.
 Fostered relationships with customers to expand customer base and retain business.
* Resolved routine and complex issues by performing detailed research.
« Managed denials, late payments, extensions and other special circumstances by following up with relevant parties.
« Closed sales on new policies by presenting insurance options to customers accurately and efficiently.
* Collaborated with carriers to resolve discrepancies in insurance payments.
¢ Documented and tracked customer account details using [Software].
* Tracked industry trends and pursued professional development opportunities to strengthen product and service knowledge.
« Analyzed insurance organizational structures, business and intermediaries, studying common clauses, policies and insurance contracts.
Cashier, 10/1993 - 03/1999
Tapestry, Inc. — Tucson, AZ
« Collected payments and provided accurate change.
* Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.
¢ Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
* Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers.
¢ Processed sales transactions to prevent long customer wait times.
« Accepted cash and credit card payments, issued receipts and provided change.
¢ Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.
* Helped with purchases and signed customers up for rewards program.
* Leamed roles of other departments to provide coverage and keep store operational.
* Verified customer age requirement for alcchol or tobacco purchases.
« Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions.
* Answered customer questions and provided store information.
* Preserved appearance of store by arranging and replenishing displays and merchandise racks.
« Reported pricing discrepancies to supervisor.
TTT ED ATION AND TRALEE
High School Diploma: 05/1997
Shiloh Christian Academy - Gretna, LA