Jessica Claire
© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *%® (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com
SUMMARY Results-oriented Staff Accountant and Warehouse Coordinator with 3 years of experience in accounting,
proficient Microsoft office skill and SAP- related settings. Quick and eager learner with acute attention to
detail and consistent track record of identifying process improvements to drive quality, accuracy and
efficiency.
SKILLS « Advanced Microsoft Office Applications: Excel, « QuickBooks Accounting Software
Word, Power Point, Outlook, Access « Spread Sheet Skill proficient( v-lookups, pivot
*« System Knowledge of SAP (Advanced) tables, and other advanced formulas).
EXPERIENCE ACCOUNTANT 02/2022 to 11/2022
Blue Ridge Healthcare System, Inc.. | Valdese, NC
* Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.
« Managed daily bookkeeping functions with attention to accounts receivable, accounts payable, banking
reconciliation and disbursements.
« Gained accounting efficiency and improved documentation coordination through development of
optimal journal entry schedules.
« Prepared month-end closing entries for detailed reporting and recordkeeping.
« Reviewed AP general ledger entries and deposits for contract compliance.
* Reconciled company bank statements and bookkeeping ledgers.
« Gathered banking transactions via statements, recorded activity in Excel format and reconciled
balances.
« Diminished financial discrepancies and accurately reconciled accounts using detailed data analysis
results.
« Skilled in ERP system, especial for SAP, and good at making tables and files by using EXCEL
*« Handle accounts receivable
« Managed financial operations, month-end reporting, financial schedules and reconciliations.
VAOLT TELLER /CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 10/2019 to 10/2027
Advantage Sales And Marketing, Lic ] Burleson, TX
« Completed comprehensive tasks by implementing customer service initiatives, audit and restock ATMS
and keep records on accounts.
« Cultivated lasting partnerships, which led to lucrative opportunities as result of consistently following up
with clients and providing exemplary Service.
« Balanced daily cash deposits and vault inventory with zero error rate.
*« Used dynamic research and interpersonal skills to swiftly resolve customer issues.
* Supervised tellers to verify compliance with both federal and local regulations.
« Reconciled branch vaults, balanced cash drawers and followed company cash control guidelines and
procedures to protect customer and employer assets.
« Prepared and securely shipped excess coin and currency to Federal Reserve Bank or correspondent
banks, balanced completed work and compiled inventory reports.
« Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.
« Demonstrated excellent communication skills in resolving product and consumer complaints.
« Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security
practices.
e Assisted customers with making payments or establishing payment plans to bring accounts current.
*« Consulted with customers to resolve service and billing issues.
« Made outbound calls to obtain account information.
« Mentored new employees on procedures and policies to maximize team performance.
STCFF ACCOUNTANT 08/2018 to 08/2019
KW International [ City, STATE
*« Responsible for month-end closing processes including preparation and data entry of journal vouchers
and account reconciliations.
* Responsible for processing day to day operations of Accounts Payables including review, input and
payment.
* Responsible for processing daily cash receipts, checks and wires to customer outstanding Accounts
Receivables.
« Responsible for assisting vendors by receiving calls and handling vendor relations.
* Responsible for reconciling vendor statements.
« Preparing bank reconciliation monthly and bank deposits daily.
* Coordinate payment schedules, pay all vendor invoices in a timely manner.
« Calculate, prepare and send checks for all payments. .
« Collect past due invoices and review invoices daily.
« Processing employee expense and credit card accounts.
*« Responsible for processing vendor invoices, to include comparing, checking invoices with vendor
statements.
« Responsible for resolving invoice discrepancies and process payments, Accounts Payable and
Accounts Receivable.
e Minimized audit risk by analyzing and reviewing deliverables.
* Performed in-depth analysis of business operations, trends and obligations to complete accurate
projections.
* Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.
« Processed payroll and reviewed employee liability balances in support of HR objectives.
CCORDINATOR(LOGISTICS WAREHOUSE OPERATION) 11/2016 to 03/2018
Golfio | City, STATE
*« Created and maintained communication channels while delivering relevant information to major internal
customers and stakeholders.
« Relayed information between drivers and recipients regarding ETA and potential delays.
* Logged, processed and followed up on merchandise authorization shipments in databases.
« Received deliveries, scanned packages and updated orders in internal database.
* Staged and sorted multiple types of products for loading.
« Examined packages and goods for damage and notified vendors of replacement needs.
« Prepared and completed warehouse orders for delivery or pickup according to schedule.
* Prepared and processed purchase orders, invoices, and contract payments including posted journal
entries.
« Helped with accounts receivable, payable and bank statement reconciliation.
e Assisted with general accounting month-end closing procedures.
* Managed daily bookkeeping functions with attention to accounts receivable, accounts payable, banking
reconciliation and disbursements.
* Prepared month-end closing entries for detailed reporting and recordkeeping.
« Communicated with vendors and clients to facilitate timely payments and reduce outstanding accounts
receivable.
« Used digital database to keep records of units and stock moved.
* Tagged and wrote identifying information on containers, boxes and cargo.
EDUCATION AND Associate of Arts | Accounting and Computer Science 08/2024
TRAINING Irvine Valley College, Irvine, CA
Pro). | Design Contents
Hongik University, Republic Of Korea
MzSter of Science | Environmtal Horticulture
University of Seoul, Republic Of Korea
BzChelor of Science [ Plant Sciences
Sangmyung University, Republic Of Korea
AsCociate of Science | Ornamental Horticulture
Orange Coast College, Costa Mesa, CA