JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
OOOO _ PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A highly motivated individual with 25 years of progressive accounting experience in search of a demanding opportunity. I bring enthusiasm to a
team, with a drive to excel and am capable of quickly adding value to the organization.
=_SaaaH]papT OO EFEX J)Y,_YWLlJHo——,
e SAP ® Vertex
* Microsoft Office Suite e American HealthTech
* Access ¢ Frontier
* Taxware
—.dJT—_—_JT———— Work Hstory es2S)N)Y)Y)YyYyYyY)Y)Y)y)y)N)dld>)})4ty)YSTSH
Accountant, 07/2016 - Current
Autosource Motors — Salt Lake City, UT
« Reconcile credit card activity in Frontier
* Reconcile cashless activity in Frontier
¢ MID report can have a range of cost centers that need to be contacted via email to make sure they do a test transaction to ensure their
equipment is programmed correctly.
* Work on daily bank file that need to be processed for Canada. Payment file need to be reviewed, processed, and posted daily either manual
or by autojob.
© I work with the field on any outstanding issues/ research. This can be by email or phone. I may need to do research on bank websites or
contact other departments or assistance.
« Stop Hunger entry at month end
* Work on other month end entries: Freedompay, Moneris, BAMS.
* Train other accountants as needed.
« Write work instructions as needed
Staff Accountant, 11/2015 - 07/2016
23Andme, Inc. — South San Francisco, CA
« Review accounts payable invoices along with purchase joumnal for accuracy.
¢ Prepare journal entries and JE uploads.
e Review General Ledger accounts to make sure balances are clearing correctly.
« Review late payables and accrue for missing inveices.:
¢ Then tie out late payables to the accounts payables aging report and general ledger.
* Make Inventory adjustments as needed.
« Review Income Statement for accuracy.
¢ Tie out each month the rates, days, revenue and expenses.
« Review Balance Sheet Income Statement and make sure all expenses were accounted for in the correct month.
« Conduct Revenue testing each month to make sure the correct days and rates are being reported.
Senior Accountant, 01/2006 - 04/2015
Insight Enterprises, Inc. — El Segundo, CA
« Proactively support the sales tax compliance function by providing guidance and direction to intemal and external customers on routine
and advanced tax issues related to both sales and purchases, and tax impact of new business services and/or arrangements..
« Communicate to existing extemal/intemal customers regarding reporting/procedural enhancements resulting from tax law changes, tax
research results and/or the audit process.
« Interact with internal accounting and processing departments to incorporate procedures ensuring receipt of new business activity as well as
enhance current transactions.
Examples include new taxes as a result of tax laws changes, use tax from AP transactions and all sales being captured on the tax return.
* Prepare monthly journal entry to clear the accrual accounts for sale/ use tax, industry specific payments.
¢ Maintain and populate tax-related fields in SAP for new locations.
* Maintain Taxware fields to ensure exemptions are accurately captured.
* This is essential since most client invoices are generated from SAP and taxability logic 1s based upon exemptions and location information
entered into this system.
« Additionally, use tax is self-assessed by general ledger account number and location tax information.
« Register new business activity with appropriate taxing jurisdiction for business tax license.
« Prepare Sales/ Use Tax retums and Industry Specific returns including verification that the correct amount 1s paid in the correct tax period
thru the correct legal entity.
e As locations began utilizing a POS system, reviewed all items sold to ensure they were set up at the correct tax rate for the location’s taxing
jurisdiction.
* This often included excise taxes as well sales tax.
* Worked on Tax Interpretation of Purchases and Sales charts with other team members to update and create the charts for multiple product
lines and in all states.
« Research tax law changes using RIA and other tax-related resources.
© Review purchases for US and Canada vendors to ensure the correct GL accounts were used for EDI mapping.
* Created, documented and trained department procedures for the new Award of Contract system among others.
* This included learning the system, how it applied to the department and what goals deadlines the management team needed implemented.
Staff Accountant, 02/2002 - 01/2006
23 Andme, Inc. ~- Sunnyvale, CA
¢ Assist with month-end close through the creation of month-end accruals and account reconciliations.
« Ensure integrity of business line intemal financial reporting & prepared client income statements & billings.
* Prepare account reconciliations to substantiate general ledger balances through the verification of contracts, payments, invoices, and
receipts as well as analyze accounts to identify any discrepancies.
TM TTT ED cation MH
B.S: Accounting, 1999
Hilbert College - Hamburg, NY
B.S: Business Administration, 1996
Hilbert College - Hamburg, NY
A.A.S: Accounting, 1993
Hilbert College - Hamburg, NY