JESSICA CLAIRE
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com
SUMMARY
Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track record of
driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.
SKILLS
* Financial analysis * accounting, General accounting, Accounts payable, Accounts
* Reporting/Documentation receivable, A/P, Billing, bookkeeping, C, CPA, credit, clients,
® Taxation Documentation, Financial, Financial analysis, Financial reporting,
* Financial reporting Financial Statements, prepare financial statements, Functional,
* Accounts receivable & Billing general ledger, Access, Microsoft Office, Oracle, Payroll, payroll
* Payroll processing, Quickbooks, Reporting, requirement, sales, sales
* Financial reconciliation feporting, tax, taxes, tax returns
« Financial Statements
* Accounts payable, Quickbooks, Drake, Microsoft Office, Access,
1-C accounting, Oracle
EXPERIENCE
01/2016 to Curent Accountant
Alfa Laval Ab — Salt Lake City, UT
* Prepare federal and state tax retumns, sales taxes, other taxes and fees for clients, general bookkeeping, prepare
financial statements, payroll, manage A/P, A/R, reconciliation and general ledger function, prepare documentation
for audit process, generate monthly and quarterly closings.
01/2012 to 01/2016 Accountant
Alfa Laval Ab — Russia
* General accounting, Payroll, Taxation.
01/2008 to 01/2011 Accountant
Alfa Laval Ab - Sarasota, Russia
© Managed A/P, A/R, prepared monthly financial statements, report/reconciliation and general ledger function,
prepared documentation for audit process, generated monthly and quarterly closings in collaboration with
accounting staff.
01/2007 to 01/2008 Accountant in taxation
Alfa Laval Ab —- Russia
* Prepared Federal and State tax returns, made sure that all tax documentation is submitted accurately and timely,
managed sales reporting, prepared monthly, financial reporting/analysis operation.
01/1998 to 01/2007 Accountant
EP Savchenko -- Russia
© Perfomed general bookkeeping, managed A/P, prepared monthly financial statements, report/reconciliation and
payroll processing.
Epucation AND TRAINING
2018 Master of Accountancy: Professional Accounting
Rutgers University
Candidate for the Uniform CPA Exam, NJ. Completed education requirement of 150 credit hours. Completed
experience Tequirement.
2011 MS: Psychology
1998 Bachelor and Master of Business Administration
Amur State University
ACTIVITIES AND Honors
Astute and seasoned bilingual accountant combining cross-functional competencies in all phases of accounting. Tax calculations, financial
statement reporting, expert and proficient in analyzing, financial reports use technology efficiencies and implement stringent cost-reduction
measures. Ability to contribute highest quality of output individually and as a team player is able to interface with professionals on all levels.
Persuasive and concise communicator having verifiable track record in modifying complex technical information for multiple audiences, and
supervised subordinates to achieve greater productivity and understanding.