Jessica CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ® (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com
Professional Summary
Knowledgeable Accountant proficient in laws and procedures governing business operations, tax filings and regulatory compliance.
Handles detail-oriented work in methodical and organized fashion. Leverages field expertise, resourcefulness and diligence to make
positive impact on business operations.
Detail-oriented Accountant with Number years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale financial
organizations. History working as part of financial team to manage diverse financial functions, tax management and reporting.
Works closely with executive management on complex mergers and acquisitions and divestitures.
Seasoned auditing professional knowledgeable about risk aversion strategies, cost reduction options and financial processes, Decisive
and persuasive communicator with proven problem-solving, leadership and planning abilities.
Tech-savvy Auditor with proficiency in Business System and Software Name. Outstanding problem-solving and teamwork abilities.
Adept at working with private, public and state government clients. Skilled at inspecting organizations’ operations, analyzing
potential risks and providing recommendations to improve operations.
Experienced Auditor looking for Type auditing position and ready to leverage extensive background in Area of expertise and
auditing. Committed to helping company grow while ensuring business operations follow state and federal regulations. Detail-
oriented and friendly with high ethical standards.
Familiar with managing schedules, directing teams and overseeing closing processes. Well-versed in GAAP, ledger updates and
report writing. Exceptional interpersonal, communication and multitasking abilities.
Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on
added responsibilities to meet team goals.
Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to secure entry-level Job Title position. Ready to help
team achieve company goals. |
Dedicated Industry professicnal with history of meeting company goals utilizing consistent and organized practices. Skilled in
working under pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the organizational brand.
Experienced Job Title with over Number years of experience in Industry. Excellent reputation for resolving problems and improving
customer satisfaction.
Reliable employee seeking Job Title position. Offering excellent communication and good judgment.
Enthusiastic Job Title eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills,
Clear understanding of Task and training in Skill. Motivated to learn, grow and excel in Industry.
Skills
e Guest services ° Loss prevention
¢ Inventory control procedures * Cash register operations
* Merchandising expertise * Product promotions
Work History
Accountant, 06/2010 to 01/2017
Atum -~- Newark, CA
* Drove client satisfaction by identifying maximum adjustments, deductions and credits.
e Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating and cash and banking
reconciliations.
* Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare accurate forecasts.
* Improved efficiency of data collection, analysis and modeling to enhance practices and increase customer retention.
« Proactively researched technical tax issues related to consulting projects.
* Monitored Number-employee team while handling day-to-day accounting processes and financial accuracy.
¢ Enhanced budget administration by reviewing reports, leveraging knowledge to strengthen controls and improve transparency.
+ Edit or add your own
¢ Prepared and filed state and federal tax forms for commercial and individual clients.
¢ Helped clients navigate interactions with tax authorities and legal concerns related to financial matters.
Controller, 03/2001 to 05/2010
Boise Property Management ~ Jacksonville, FL
¢ Created and distributed reports on internal and external finances, audits and budgets.
* Reduced waste and boosted productivity by restructuring finance and accounting departments.
* Boosted compliance rates Number% through contract audit procedure strategies.
¢ Formulated strategic plans and supported tactical initiatives to execute cost-savings deliverables.
+ Edit or add your own
* Calculated salesperson commissions based on established parameters and disbursed payments.
Senior Audit Associate, 01/1992 to 12/2000
Bkd, Lip — Fort Wayne, IN
¢ Planned, directed and dosed out complicated reviews involving multiple teams and more than Number labor hours.
+ Edit or add your own
e Analyzed accounting systems for efficiency and effectiveness.
* Developed and implemented corrective actions to bring business areas in line with standards.
¢ Developed auditing program to address risks and evaluate regulatory requirements.
e Established alternative audit, accounting and internal control procedures and recommended process improvements to aid clients
in addressing deficiencies.
Education
Bachelor Of Science, Accounting : Businessé& Accounting, 05/1990
University of Central Oklahoma - Edmond, OK.