Robert Smith __ Pane (208) 436 78 99
Halitirval Toachnicl Website 7 ywwosdkmsurog.corn
Agricultural Technician ___“Unkedin linkedin. comfavilkresume,
Address: 1737 Marshvilie Road, Alabarna,
SUMMARY
Motivated and talented Individual with proven expertise In ollfield 1 equipment maintenance
‘Garnp; repalr technology. | arm looking for opportunities to further my career and knowledge within
SKILLS
Delivery Driver. dass A; B; Box Trucks And vans, Growing; Harvesting And Trimming Of The :
Cannabls Plant, Customer Service, Retall Sales. - ; ;
WORK EXPERIENCE
Agricultural Technician
ABC Corporation - August. 20L5'- 2022 : a . a
+ | Placed and serviced Insect traps on frult trees (citrus, stone, apple, avocada, fig, persimmon,
- t¢,) -Knowledge of tree-specles and Invasive fruit fy species required (Oriental Frutt Fly,
Mediterranean Fruit Fly, Melor Fly, Aslan Citrus Psyllid},
* Drived a state|ssued vehicle and Use provided maps to travel to trap locations aciass Santa’
Clara County, 99 ES
+ Used GPS'to marktrap sites, . Les
+ Relocated trap sites (upto 7a day) tadifferent properties;
+- Comrnunicated program goals ta property oviners upon tap placement: :
* Provided excellent cormmunlcation.to, supervisor-and manager regarding field research, stuclies
and laboratory research’studiés. vs .
* “Provided détalled inventéry and documentation, of product and explanation of researety’
projects,
Agricultural Technician
‘Delta Corporation - 2012-2015: Co oO
* Responsible for the pest manaqement of research fields Operated peanut separators and.
_Sheller's for harvested peanut plots Responsible for Jocating. ae Lee
+ Student worker for Extension agronomist Gained experience with multiple crops Operated |
. specialized research planters and harvesters for.experimental... Ly ., ;
* Assisted witha variety of duties on alarge agricultural operation Including Customer service.
relations and delivery of Ag prodlicts Leading tears ..... - we - .
+ Employment typ epart.time Maintenance and service of farm machinery Driver tractor-trallers-
All aspects of farm operations, a ey Do, oo
+ Employment typefull-time All operations of farrmiing Malntenance Service Finances Employee
relations Cornmodity sales. Lo
+ Chemical, fertilizer warehouse,loading farm equipment:
+ Operate a field service rapalr truck,
EDUCATION
Bachelor's In Geagraphy,
“Ql THE Eros Bids une Template ss the copyright of Gwikrésurne. com. s3yo Gubtelings