JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com
SUMMARY
Driven accounting professional with over 20 years of extensive experience in private and governmental accounting. Performs professional
accounting and administrative work of considerable difficulty including bank account and ledger reconciliations, complex journal entries,
fiscal reporting and design and review of new implementations and procedures. Provides oversight to ensure departmental work related to
banking, debt, investments, cash flow, audit annual financial reporting and reconciliations are completed accurately, efficiently and
effectively. Assists the with the annual audit, the preparation of the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (ACFR) and prepares the
Professional Annual Financial Report (PAFR), both of which received awards from the Government Finance Officers Association (GFOA) -
Strong technical proficiency and in-depth knowledge of procedures and operations in the accordance with Governmental Accounting
Standard Board (GASB) and Generally Accepted Accounting Principals (GAAP). Proactive leader with strong analytical and problem-solving
skills. Self starter that can work as part of a team or independently to accomplish objectives. High level of organizational skills, ability to
prioritize and handle multiple projects at a time. Consistently recognized for a strong work ethic and exceeding expectations. Fast learner and
confident decision-maker with strict attention to detail. Works well under pressure to meet deadlines.
AREaS OF EXPERTISE
* Account reconciliation expert e Attention to detail
* Accounting processes © Flexible team player
* Superior reporting and documentation « Exceptionally organized
« Financial Auditing ¢ Superior research skills
* General ledger accounting « Effective time management
* General ledger entries e Independent worker
« Knowledge of financial statements © Proficient in Great Plains, Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Publisher
* Month-end and year-end closing entries.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
06/2019 to Current Accountant
Ava Labs — San Francisco, CA
* Cash Management- Performs cash management functions including reconciling credit card settlements, initiating
wire transfers and other various items on a daily basis to verify the validity and check for inaccuracies. Determines
daily cash flow to meet weekly disbursements.
* Accounting Entries- Prepares and posts complex journal entries into the financial software system. Reconciles and
completes integrations from various software to Great Plains system. Reviews and resolves highly difficult
accounting issues. Analyzes ways to improve productivity and workflow.
* Reconciliations- Completes numerous reconciliations with adequate supporting documentation. Researches,
investigates and resolves any discrepancies or differences by working with citywide department and account
contacts. Completes all necessary journal entries.
* Review process- Reviews specific work completed by the Banking/ Budget Accountant and the Audit/Financial
Reporting Manager (as needed). Makes any necessary changes or corrections. Initiates ways to streamline activities
noted during the review process.
* Debt Service- Ensures adequate funding to make semi-annual interest and loan payments. Verifies loan/interest
invoices match amortization schedules and ccordinates with loan payment officer to ensure scheduled payments are
made timely. .
* Audit Support- Assists the Audit/Financial Reporting Manager is preparation for the annual extemal audit by
preparing bank confirmations, completing year-end schedules. Aids in the draft review of the Comprehensive
Annual Financial Report . Researches and compiles information for the Popular Annual Financial Report in
addition to designing and formatting of such..
® Misc- Applies self-initiative and independent judgement in analyzing and evaluating non-standard financial
challenges and researches potential improvements. Assists financial services team with financial analysis and
accounting tasks as needed. Works on ad hoc projects as assigned by the Audit and Financial Reporting Manager,
performs other related duties as required and as directed.
© Correspondence- Works with numerous banks and financial institutions, State and Federal Agencies and intemal
city-wide departments for researching items and investigating discrepancies.
* Interest/Fee Allocation- Performs complex quarterly allocations to various funds within the City for interest,
eamung and bank fees that have been earned or paid each quarter.
© Compliance- Ability to research, interpret and implement new GASB pronouncements to ensure Government's
financial condition complies with established GASB guidelines. Compiles, prepares and submits annual financial
reports as required by Federal, State and Local mandates, rules and regulations.
* Experience- Possesses 2.5 years of experience in reconciliation, banking, auditing and financial reporting. Due to
highly complex nature of assigned tasks assigned,
* Develops and documents business processes and accounting policies to maintain and strengthen internal controls.
® Collaborates- assisted in the development, testing, and installation of credit card payments city wide.
* Computer Skills- Maintains extensive knowledge and understating of various software programs including Great
Plains, general ledger, Excel, Word, Power Point and Publisher. Creates new Excel spreadsheets as needed to
accommodate and analyze work processes.
06/2018 to 06/2019 Revenue Specialist II
State Of Maryland — Harford, NY
Provide review and examination of tax retums, licensing and/or registration applications where additional research and
comprehensive analysis is necessary to make final determination.
Contact and correspond with taxpayers and/or their personal representatives to obtain information and resolve
discrepancies on tax retums, licensing and registration applications in order to make final determinations
Resolve taxpayers inquiries regarding tax liabilities determined through departmental billings, final assessments and
return items. ,
Contact taxpayer to obtain payments of fees, t axes penalty and interest by field visit and/or by telephone.
Prepare necessary forms or documents for filing of legal actions.
Provide education and registration activities to assure past and future compliance with tax laws administered by the
Department.
12/2003 to 02/2018 Staff Accountant/Tax Preparer/Payroll Specialist’
Michael D. Morris, LTD. ~ City, STATE
Staff Accountant
Completed monthly, quarterly and annual bank reconciliations for over 15 companies in preparation for business tax
filings.
Entered deposits, payments and journal entries and reconciled bank statements; prepared the appropriate financial
statements from client documents for tax preparation.
Revised and streamlined inefficient work procedures with automation software, and transitioned all accounting and
payroll clients to Quickbooks.
Generated profit and Joss statements to accurately detail the company’s revenues and expenses.
Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts while under tight deadlines such as tax return due
dates.
Tax Preparer
‘Two person accounting office with a total client base of over 700.
Prepares an average of 189 annual federal and state tax returns for both individuals and businesses.
Assists with preparation and review of 69 corporate, 18 partnership and 511 individual tax retums prepared by CPA.
Prepares, examines and analyzes accounting records, financial statements or other financial reports to assess accuracy,
completeness and conformance to reporting and professional standards.
Represents clients before taxation authorities and provides support to assist clients with all federal and state issues
including tax return amendments, IRS errors and audits.
Payroll Specialist
Managed payroll processing, validation and transmission for weekly, semi-monthly and monthly payrolls for over 15
companies locally and out of state.
Completed quarterly and year end payroll tax reports and reconciles payroll discrepancies for over 30 companies locally
and out of state.
Prepared over 191 W2's and 107 1099's annually.
Assists clients with various payroll problems; was sent numerous clients under Virginia Employment Commission audit
by VEC representative, Larry Lucas (retired) because of my ability to effectively and efficiently reconcile payroll
reports and accurately correct errors.
Prepares and files sales and use tax retums, meals tax retums, business license renewals, business personal property tax
returns, annual reports and other miscellaneous filings.
Epucarion 4np TRAINING
2004 Bachelor of Science: Accounting
University of Central Florida - Oslando, FL
CERTIFICATIONS
* Registered Tax Preparer 12/01/2003
« Enrolled Agent with the IRS 3/20/2008
« Virginia Authorized Agent 10/09/2010
Minrmary ExrertENcE
04/1993 to 03/2001 Air Traffic Controller
United States Navy —
TECHNICAL SHILLS ON
Great Plains Software Proficient 3 Current
Microsoft Office/Outlook/Excel Proficient 20 Current
Quickbooks Proficient 20 Current
CCH Prosystem FX Tax/ Intelliforms Proficient 14 Current
Laserlink Proficient 14 Current