CLAIRE SUMMARY
Financial Accountant specializing in financial planning, reporting and analysis in both private and
. resumesample@example.com public sectors. Well-informed accountant adept at supplying quick responses to financial inquiries from
; internal management and potential clients.Creative accountant equipped with a broad knowledge of
& (555) 432-1000 concepts and strategies to yield the best possible financial outcomes.
Montgomery Street, San
9 Francisco, CA 94105
HIGHLIGHTS EXPERIENCE
Periodic financial reporting expert Ametek, Inc.-- Accountant
Invoice coding familiarity Wilmington, MA + 06/2012 - 09/2015
Strong communication skills I have worked at Shantilal Gala & Company (Nairobi, Kenya) which is an Audit firm, since 2nd July
2012.
General ledger accounting skills I was employed as an Accountant in the Firm.
Complex problem solving Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on paper.
Account reconciliation expert Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of p weekly and monthly.
Increased efficiency and alleviated work loads by creating a new Excel financial recording system.
Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.
Entered weekly sales and customer count sheets for review by management.
EDUCATION Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments.
Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.
Select One
University of Greenwich INTERESTS
Nairobi + 2014 : ee eas :
Bachelor of Arts: Business Studies Associate Member of the Association of Business Executives Most Disciplined Girl: 2007-2008.
Completed the Bachelo: r’s degree in Outstanding Performance as a Class monitor: 2009.
P Participated in the Expedition camp awarded by the Westlands Scouts Local Association: 2009.
Business of Arts - BA Honors EXTRA-CURRICULAR: Awarded for outstanding performance for the prize day variety show in 2009.
eases Studier achieving a Awarded for reaching the National Finals in the Kenya Music Festival in 2007.
an ne nee aetedm the lam a professional Ramp Model.
Academic Session (2012/2013) I have worn and exhibited clothes of international and local designers.
are as follows:
> Managing Strategy - involves the
formulation and implementation of ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
the major goals and initiatives LEADERSHIP: Associate Member of the Association of Business Executives Most Disciplined Girl:
taken by a company's top 2007-2008
management on behalf of owners, Outstanding Performance as a Class monitor: 2009
based on consideration of Participated in the Expedition camp awarded by the Westlands Scouts Local Association: 2009.
resources and an assessment of EXTRA-CURRICULAR: Awarded for outstanding performance for the prize day variety show in 2009.
the internal and external Awarded for reaching the National Finals in the Kenya Music Festival in 2007.
environments in which the lam a professional Ramp Model.
organization competes. I have worn and exhibited clothes of international and local designers.
> International Business
Management - involves the
understanding for an international SKILLS
career in various industries.
Today’s world revolves around Organization - managing responsibilities in a particular manner and keeping track of those
business. Networking on a global responsibilities.
scale and recognising Time Management - Good time-management skills go hand-in-hand in with strong organizational
opportunities, or creating them capabilities. Budgeting time will give the allowance of managing the work efficiently.
yourself. International Business Adaptability - its always the best for me to adapt quickly and easily as my way of understanding the
Management brings one a step procedures is through planning everything in my mind as the work is being allocated.
closer to success on an Communication - allows me to interact best with the colleagues, clients and receive the best feedback
international level, from their side after completing the conversation.
+ The units included in the.
Academic Session (2013/2014)
are as follows:
> Small Business Development -
involves the process of how to own
corporations, be into partnership
and become a sole proprietors.
These kind of developments are
common in many countries,
depending on the economic system
in operation.
> PPD3 - Thematic Independent
Study - the research and critical
thinking skills from Personal and
Professional Development (PPD) 2
and build upon their research
proposals. This unit helped me to
understand the intricate
relationship between theory and
practice. Improved my self-
management in terms of time,
planning, behaviour and
motivation.
Oshwal College
Nairobi + 2013
Association of Business Executive
> Business
Completed the Association of
Business Executive. This associate
had fevels and units as follows:
Certificate in Business - Level 3
includes the following units:
> Introduction to Business,
> Introduction to Quantitative
Methods.
> Introduction to Accounting.
> introduction to Business
Communication.
Diploma in Business Management
(Higher) - Level 5 includes the
following units:
> Human Resource Management.
> Managerial Accounting.
> Marketing Policy, Planning and
Communication.
> Organisational Behaviour.
> The Business Environment.
> Economic Principles and their
Application to Business.
> Financial Accounting.
> Quantitative Methods for
Business and Management.
Diploma in Business Management
(Graduate) - Level 6 includes the
following units:
> Corporate Finance,
> Corporate Strategy and Planning.
> International Business Case
Study.
> Managing in Organisation.
> Strategic Marketing
Management.