Robere Simrh Phone (128) 436 78 98
Hanitueal Enaineer Website F ywanci lke suroe.com
Agricultural Engineer: . Unkedini linkedin. com/quélkresume,
Address: 1737 Marshvilie Road, Alabarna,
SUMMARY
‘Obtaln ary entry level Agricuttural Engineer. position with a company-where Tmay contribute, learn;
grow and stay long-term while positlely Impacting the ‘dally operations of my’employer Summary
‘of Skills and Qualification Ih depth knowledge of teapnbullding practices Excellent coraraunication ;
skllls In Arabic-and good In. English Friendly team player mentality Superb customer sérvice skills’
Devoted employee mentallty, "°° ees
SKILLS
‘Soldering And Maintalnance Electronlc Boards, Translator English Arable, ‘Technician Fire Alarmn
“System, Agricultre Engineering Bee Keeper, Vedia Editor, Security.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Agricultural Engineer
ABC Corporation -Cctober.2013- August 2015. oo
= ,Experlenced In finding and developing clients Is a plus.or a strong desire to help. grow the
vagriculture engineering services market... es ; .
+ Worked on a varlety of. equipment, Including RaGator, TerraGator, and track tractors.
+ Worked with embedded software developers to understand requirements and hav ta translate
‘the requirements to test specificatlans; “0 "Te me
. Executed tests manually'ta identify early defects.. ; .
+ ‘Developed automation scripts ta execute regression testIng prior to release deadlines:
+ Worked with the electrical team to design harnesses for the HIL systerms&rsquoé; external
hardware components,
+ Stayed Up to date with New Product Developrnent (NPD) and soon-to-be NPD projects making.
. suré that necessary testing capabilities are In place ces
Agricultural Engineer
Detta Corporation + 2008- 2013»
+ . Planned green spaces arid parks In Urban aréas Organized logistics, workers, and supplies -
* Planned landscaping design to prevent erosion and.dust. © a
- Cormpleted’ a four-year apprenticeship, . a . oa oe
: Contiriued as an ‘engineer with the company and recelved additional dealer tralning wlth John.
‘Deere Ltd UK, leading to Certificates of Meritin various... ... a . ay :
+ Dealing with’all aspects of agricultural engineering, horticultural and grounds care equipment,
-vathin this busy dealership. . |
+ Collaborated with sclentists; technicians; regulators, and landowners to investigate the:
‘ bloremediation potential of vegetated treatment areas at'sraall,
+ | Preservation of livestock, mechanics; land, ranch, and facilitles;; ne
* | Responsible for managing and overseeing the technology for the local fish production Project
Engineers Engineer jn charge of fish farriing Stora:
EDUCATION
MS
“Ql THE Eros Bids une Template ss the copyright of Gwikrésurne. com. s3yo Gubtelings