Aisha Oneill eee
Peabody, MA
Project Architect wehaces. beer. com
& SOMMAEY () WORK EXPERIENCE
Prorec Arc oitechw tht Un ier ® January 2022 - January 2023
fouves(s}expegence.Onl (Oliors Technical Project Architect
SUlIB, AclatevcaN tye. _ Acme Corp
lncheat : : « Led the technical solution efforts within the LVBB (Low-Volume Batch
Builder} project.
* Collaborated closely with architects and business architects to
© SKIES) manage the technical interface of the project.
* Designed and implemented functionalities within the project domain
& to mect business requirements.
ccoccotecco * Provided guidance and advice to the business to improve the
& application landscape incrementally, ensuring stable alignment with
socoeolStoscs business objectives.
. _ oe a. » Oversaw the AMX project's transition from pre-production maturity to
‘Communication Skills: a . .
production maturity.
moacqecorosoe we * Introduced multiple tools and techniques, including Kubernetes,
. Kotlin, Cucumber, and Wiremock, to enhance project capabilities.
aoosoEees wes * Utilized a wide range of technologies and techniques such as JAVA,
a Kotlin, Spring, Spring Boot, Git, Linux, Kubernetes, TFS, Maven, Cradle,
site Analysis % Mockito, jUnit, Artifactory, Docker, Helm, Kotlin, Wirernock, JMS,
= SSS See aS ActiveMQ, and Apache Came! to achieve project goals.
' January 2020 - January 2021
Project architect
Acme Corp
* Proficient in architectural planning and interior designing, combining
creativity with practicality to deliver aesthetically pleasing and
functional spaces.
* Conducted feasibility studies and contributed to design development,
concept design, project estimation, and project management.
* Led the site planning of power plants, ensuring compliance with local
regulations and optimizing open spaces.
* Designed layout and fit-outs for in-house offices, working closely with
service providers to create efficient and appealing work environments.
* Created interior finishing drawings, including cost estimates, for
various offices while managing the overall project.
* Prepared detailed weekly and monthly construction progress reports,
variance reports, and planned vs. actual activity reports in
collaboration with the Planning Engineer.
* Produced minutes of meetings (MOMs) for all project-related
meetings and maintained effective communication between
stakeholders,