Jessica CLAIRE
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ® (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
Summary
Qualified customer service and sales representative with over ten years experience in fast-paced customer service and retail sales.
Personable and professional under pressure. Talented Customer Service Associate skilled at balancing customer needs and company
demands. Effectively builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers while achieving all individual sales goals.
Highlights
e Superior communication skills * Perfect attendance record
e Cheerful and energetic * Dedicated team player
* Effective team player * Positive outlook
* Dependable and reliable
Accomplishments
Customer Service
« Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Sales
* Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.
Customer Interface
* Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
* Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders.
® Multi-tasking
* Took care of two customers orders at the same time, while ensuring a steady flow with customer satisfaction.
Experience
Accountant, 09/2010 to Current
Us Oncology, Inc. - Annapolis, MD
Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations. Updated investment records upon funding
of investments.Efficiently implemented short-term tracking factoring in possible long-term tracking strategies.
Crew Member, 01/2008 to 03/2009
Milio's Sandwiches — Waunakee, WI
Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits. Took necessary steps to meet customer needs
and effectively resolve food or service issues.Recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear, understandable
manner.Served fresh, hot food with a smile in a timely manner.Communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and
management.
Customer Service Representative (CSR) , 04/2004 to 10/2007
Israel Discount Bank Of New York — Aventura, FL
Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning.Expressed appreciation and invited customers '
to return to the store.Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints.Stocked and rotated inventory
regularly.Replenished merchandise shelves with items from the stockroom.Processed merchandise returns and exchanges.
Cashier, Cook, Prep, 1999 to 02/2003
Captain D's — City, STATE
Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits.Served fresh, hot food with a smile in a timely
manner.Prepared items according to written or verbal orders, working on several different orders simultaneously.Maintained a neat,
well groomed appearance including impeccable personal hygiene, hair restraint and minimal jewelry that met company
standards.Performed general maintenance duties, including mopping floors, washing dishes, wiping counter tops and emptying
grease traps.Carefully maintained sanitation, health and safety standards in all work areas.Mastered Point of Sale (POS) computer
system for automated order taking.
Education
High School Diploma: General, 2001
Woodward - Cincinnati, Ohio
Member of Chess Club