Jessica Claire
© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor *%® (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com
SUMMARY Motivated Accountant proficient in MS Office and accounting software. Bringing 10 years of hands-on
experience managing payroll functions and maintaining accounts payables. Independent and Seli-motivated
team player possessing outstanding mathematics and analytical abilities.
SKILLS « GAAP Accounting « Accounting Software Systems
*« Account Reconciliation Expert « Accounting Records Analysis
« Journal Entry Preparation « Financial Controls
« Financial Statements Review * Payroll Auditing
« Processing Checks and Invoices « Audit Preparation
« Inventory Assessment ¢ Monthly and Annual Journal Entries
* GAAP Accounting Practices « Document Recordkeeping
« Accounting Policy and Control « Financial Statements
EXPERIENCE ACCOUNTANT 03/2017 to CURRENT
Blue Ridge Healthcare System, Inc.. | Morganton, NC
« Summarized and interpreted current and projected company financial position for other managers.
e Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures, and correct problems with physical and
digital files. .
*« Calculated and prepared checks for utilities, taxes and other payments.
« Interacted with internal and external auditors to help complete audits and resolve issues.
« Analyzed monthly department budgeting and accounting reports to maintain expenditure controls.
« Conducted statistical analyses to determine trends and significant changes and wrote narrative reports
explaining findings.
* Examined financial statements and income statements to review company's financial performance.
« Developed and documented business processes and accounting policies to maintain and strengthen
internal controls.
e Examined budget estimates for completeness, accuracy and conformance with procedures and
regulations.
« Reviewed financial information detailing assets, liabilities and capital and prepared balance sheets and
profit and loss statements.
« Monitored balance sheets and income statements to evaluate financial performance.
« Maintained accurate invoice summaries and collection records to enhance monitoring of billing and
cash inflows.
« Analyzed revenue and expenditure trends and recommended appropriate budget levels to business
operations leaders.
« Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial statements.
« Conducted financial analysis and research to advise senior management on forecasting decisions.
« Verified documented and requested disbursements to facilitate payments.
« Tracked employee payroll processes to verify timely reporting and avoid late fees.
« Facilitated and completed annual financial statement audits and reviewed results.
* Managed accounting, payroll and financial reporting activities.
« Updated billing procedures to improve overall efficiency and reduce accounts receivable.
« Compiled, prepared and filed federal and state tax returns in compliance with regulatory standards.
e Administered payroll for employees and oversaw corporate payroll reconciliation and tax activities.
« Managed AP and AR operations, coordinating staff workflows and reviewing completed work to reduce
errors.
ACOOUNTANT 03/2011 to 03/2017
Blue Ridge Healthcare System, Inc.. | Valdese, NC
« Assisted CEO/Owner with all office aspects
« |handled all phone and online media presence
« Reconciled all bank accounts and expense reports
« Filed taxes for all years at close of business
e Handled all billing and collection of invoices.
« Summarized and interpreted current and projected company financial position for other managers.
* Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures, and correct problems with physical and
digital files., ,
e {nteracted with internal and external auditors to help complete audits and resolve issues.
e Examined budget estimates for completeness, accuracy and conformance with procedures and
regulations.
* Reviewed financial information detailing assets, liabilities and capital and prepared balance sheets and
profit and loss statements.
* Monitored balance sheets and income statements to evaluate financial performance.
« Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.
* Charged expenses to accounts and cost centers by analyzing invoice and expense reports.
« Created receiving reports and updated vendor balance sheets to record accounts payable.
« Prepared and posted weekly payments to vendors and suppliers.
« Input payment history and other financial data to keep customer accounts up-to-date in system.
« Researched and resolved billing inconsistencies and errors through individual and collaborative
analysis.
e Managed all payments processing, invoicing and collections tasks.
* Managed account receivables to maintain payments within net terms.
« Verified accuracy of information and resolved discrepancies with vendors before entering invoices for
payment.
« Generated and distributed month-end statements for customers and resolved related concerns.
« Input statement information, reconciled accounts and resolved discrepancies.
« Developed strong professional rapport with vendors and clients.
* Reconciled codes against services rendered.
« Processed invoice payments and recorded information in account database.
« Trained new team members on company policies and accounting systems to keep team operations
productive and efficient.
« Performed data import, scanning or manual keying processes to verify invoice accuracy.
* Executed account updates and noted account information in company database.
« Investigated past due invoices and delinquent accounts to generate revenues and reduce number of
unpaid and delinquent accounts.
« Completed billing audits in identified timeframes to report and investigate findings.
« Leveraged integrated billing software to submit accurate claims.
« Reconciled financial accounts using SAP software.
HUCVIAN RESOURCES MANAGER 04/2008 to 03/2017
Dependable Cleaners | City, State
« Handled all inbound calls
* Implemented new filing and organization system
« Worked with management to create performance measurement, employee development and employee
compensation strategies.
« Used data and analytics to improve company processes for recruitment, selection and onboarding.
e« Managed delivery of customer-focused HR services to company to increase hire rate and reduce churn.
« (dentified operational weaknesses to improve or innovate people, programs and processes.
« Used HR website and other media to communicate HR processes, increasing understanding and
consistent use.
« Recruited new employees and built relationships, driving visibility.
* Developed hiring and recruitment policies to drive transparent and fair hiring process for selecting
candidates on basis of merit and relevance with job.
* Directed HR programs, policies and processes to improve operational efficiency.
*« Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing onboarcing,
orientation and benefits processes,
« Handled sensitive employee and company information with highest level of confidentiality and discretion.
« Advised leadership on vacation and sick time, benefits, job services and employment discrepancies.
« Held exit interviews and documented information discussed with employees.
* Safeguarded human resource information, maintaining employee confidence and protecting operations.
* Researched and analyzed recruitment data to provide detailed statistical reports.
« Conducted background checks and orientation, coordinating new employee onboarding process.
* Worked cross-functionally to optimize efficiency and execute on HR business processes.
« Maintained human resources records by processing applications and resumes.
« Assisted candidates with application processes by answering questions about application, performing
background checks, providing -9 forms and handling drug screening paperwork.
« Assisted with recruitment initiatives by interviewing and talent sourcing.
« Provided essential support to address individual HR needs of employees.
* Consulted with internal clients to evaluate labor trends and competitor talent insights for pointed
candidate selection.
« Established and generated various reports to verify HR compliance.
* Developed recruitment updates to review trends, competitive intelligence and talent demographics.
EDUCATION AND Master of Science | Accounting 05/2015
TRAINING Devry University, Pittsburgh, PA
GPA: 3.4
BzChelor of Science | Business 05/2008
Franciscan University of Steubenville, Steubenville, OH