wf °o f
ff Eric Marsh
os ARCHITECT
<tr>
SUMMARY CONTACT
Experienced and accomplished professional architect with 10+ years of experience &4 info@resumekraft.com
in controlling projects from conception to completion. Q 202-555-0120
Experience in leading teams, working as design team member and as a project 9 Chicago, Illinois, US
leader, in linkedin.com/resumekraft
Highly skilled in handling design development, presentations, detailing, site:
supervision, co-ordination with consultants and interaction with clients.
, EXPERIENCE
PROJECTS Senior design Architect
; ABM Architects Pvt. Ltd
Design Projects Apr 2010 - Feb 2014
« Heritage Corner at Vadodara (65000 sq.ft)- Concept planning, finalizin .
concept finalizing srchitectural plane w.r.t Sonal design, involving MEP ° In-house Architect
and giving design force for producing working drawings. pies Htots iv 0 Ltd
e Corner heights at Vadodara. (1,25,000 sq.ft)- This is a commercial
building that has retail and office premises developed by the same client. The Consultant Architect
look of the building posed new challenge. Here | took time to show the finished Architect Hafeez Contractor
look of the building, meantime intertwining with MEP services working on Dec 2004 - Nov 2008
plans. The final look was extolled when presented with justifications. | finished
this building with periodic site visits, detailing and working drawings.
¢ Hydro Power plant project at Uttarakhand- This is a Hydro Power Plant SCOPE OF WORK
project by GVK, developed on a river named Alaknanda, Uttarakhand. . Design Development ,
e OP Jindal Sports Stadium at Bellary
e Master planning concept for Residential Complex at Wakad, Pune ¢ Detailing and co-ordination of
e Proposed commercial building at Alkapuri Vadodara MEP and Structural Working
¢ Project Office at JB SEZ Panoli. This is a site office building for JBSEZ Panoli Drawings
project. My role was to produce working drawings. e Site Supervision
e Residential & Commercial
. . . interior turnkey projects
Residential Projects « Produce work drawings
e Bungalow scheme at ukasan, Pune. (21,000 sq.ft ) * Detailing and execution
e Farm house at Ukasan. (4000 sq. ft)
¢ Minimalist Bungalow scheme at Palghar. (75000 sq.ft)
¢ Holiday home at Daund. (3000 sq.ft) EDUCATION
e VIP guest house at Orissa.
e Row House at Kalina, Mumbai. B. Arch
e Residential apartment at Ashoknagar, Pune. San Jose State University
e Master planning concept for Residential Complex at Wakad, Pune.
e Mahindra Gescos Mahindra splendor residential project at GKW Bhandup.
e Mahagun Marriott- residential Complex at Ghaziabad.
« Mahagun Mansion- residential cum commercial complex at Ghaziabad.
e Mahagun Morpheus- residential Complex at Noida.
e Mahagun Maestro — Residential Complex at Noida.
Commercial Projects
e Commercial building at Koregaon Park, Pune
e Dharampur Ashram.
e Willingdon Club parking Design
e Gokul Nivas. This is a redevelopment project of 987sq.m plot. My role in this
was to design floor plan so as to consume current FSI and calculate saleable