Robert Smith ROITACT DETAILS
; 1737 Marsiiville Road,
ee, . . - - pote Alabarna: .
Accounts Payable Accountant (Unters) (223)-456-7899
“ info@qwikresume.com.
www. qwikresome,.com
‘PERSONAL STATEMENT .
“Ja pursue Career patiiin the Accounting field through a‘dynamiic workptace. SKILLS.
: that caters to both professional and personal development-and strives.to; | Excel, Excellent Written
bring Ideas, Integrity and excellence in place. ‘and Verbal
WORK EXPERIENCE Plains, Oracle,
: oe oo Interpersonal skills
‘Accounts Payable Accountant (intern) |... oe
‘Daimler Group Services Phils., Inc - ‘June 2014 - June 2015 oo
“Responsibilities: oo. oe LANGUAGES.
- Performed Involce verlfication for non-productive materlals.of various. English'tNative).
Daimler. plants located In Germany. French (Professional }
* Calculated and booked monthly journal entries; white ensuring that all Spanish (Professional)
accounting transactions are.In accordance with GAAP as well as intemal ,
control procedures.
+ Used SAP which includes performing basic steps in Invoice verification, LUTEBESTS:
identifying error codes, analyzing and resolving price differences, Climbing;
quantity differences, missing dellvery slip/PO, double involcing.. snowboarding
+ Responsible for payment and maintenance of reports for the sales and Roaainy .
use tax monthly payment, 0 ,
+ Identified and communicated to responsible parties the necessary |
process updates..Participated in process documentation and «eee eeyeu pe
parti¢ipated in knowledge exchange according to set standards. REEERENCES
» Performed other tasks as creating debit and credit notes for 1vo2: Reference - 1 (Company:
cancellations, importing GRy/IR data from. nacos,:cancellation of account Name) 2 ;
_ Maintenance, and reversing aggregated data Name) ey
Team bullding activities) and maintained and records Inventory of office
sippleg EE
‘Audit Staff i ees
-Punongbayan And Araullo, Member Firm Of Grant.Thorton
International =. Navember.2013 - May 2014:
‘Responsibilities: _ coe. oo. ee.
* Prepares.working papers that document corroborative audit evidences
gathered In the course.of performing audit procedures;
= Checks the rnathematical accuracy of audit schedules and other
documents prepared by-client,
» Performs specific audit procedures assigned by té-managersuch ‘as...
vouching.af documents, tracing to the schedules and accounting books
and records evidences that suipport or. refute ‘the clients,
‘=| Assisis the client In preparation of income tax.retum and financial :
ene ete
* Gathers, summarizes,'and prépares management letter comments for
the higher-level review. ; 7 Ce.
». Assists the engagement manager in cleaning up and archiying of audit
methodologyftool file and other,
® This Eree Resume Template Is the copyright of Qwikresume,com. Usage Guidelines: