JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
OOOO _ PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Organized Accountant with two years of managing accurate accounting information, tax return support, bookkeeping and corporate operations.
Astute financial professional with keen eye for detail and high level of integrity. Works well in large teams in corporate environments. Goal-
focused Accountant with record of accurate reporting and budget management. Experience includes handling all finances for 31 locations,
including payroll, budgets, tepotts, audits, joumals, expenditures and payments. Diligently maintains latest training on tax regulations and legal
issues impacting financial operations. Adept at managing budgets, payroll, invoicing and all other general accounting functions. Instrumental in
keeping business operations fully compliant and working within budgetary guidelines. Fastidious in tracking all expenses and reconciling
accounts.
TF TTF TFT TT oor ELL — OY
« Microsoft Office, Excel e Attention to Detail
* Critical Thinking and Analysis ¢ Problem Solving
¢ Positive Team Player ¢ Business Operations and Forecasting
« Effective and Professional Communication * Client Representation
« Financial Projections, statement review, recordkeeping, and e Accounting Software Systems: Intuit QuickBooks, Appfolio,
reconciliation AvidX Change
—.dJT—_—_JT———— Work Hstory es2S)N)Y)Y)YyYyYyY)Y)Y)y)y)N)dld>)})4ty)YSTSH
Accountant, 08/2019 - Current
Amphitheater Public Schools — Tucson, AZ
« Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
« Managed entire accounting cycle, including gathering information, preparing documents, finalizing reports and closing books.
¢ Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.
e Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of intemal reports and to reconcile production operations and general ledger.
© Brought errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.
¢ Reconciled accounts and reviewed all materials, including surplus, income, expense data, net worth and assets.
« Identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts.
« Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.
e Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement.
* Prepared and filed state and federal tax forms for commercial and individual clients.
¢ Documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
© Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for preparation of annual 1095 forms.
« Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating and all types of cash and banking
reconciliations,
« Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize effectiveness of operations.
* Helped clients navigate interactions with tax authorities and legal concerns related to financial matters.
© Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare accurate forecasts.
* Improved efficiency of operations, including data collection, analysis and modeling, to enhance practices and increase customer retention.
* Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced software proficiencies.
Behavior Consultant, 06/2009 - 09/2018
The May Institute Inc — Waltham, MA
© Displayed sensitivity to cultural and linguistic needs of clients and families served.
« Completed one-on-one counseling with broad range of clients living with Autism
° Integrated ABA program, utilizing student feedback to boost organization's overall mission and objectives.
« Observed and monitored client behavior and responses to treatment.
* Provided comprehensive case management services, including creating treatment plans and connecting clients and families to appropriate
resources.
* Developed goal-oriented psychoeducational and activity therapy groups to improve clients’ level of functioning.
« Ran individual therapy and family therapy sessions for children ages 6 to 9.
° Applied array of different methodologies to assist patients with therapy.
« Worked collaboratively with other mental health professionals to provide consistent care and minimize diversion.
« Encouraged patients to discuss experiences in group and individual settings.
© Directed family-centered, strengths-based, culturally competent and individualized intakes and assessments.
© Involved clients' family members in planning social service programs.
Retail Sales Associate Cashier, 03/2016 - 04/2017
Vail Resorts -- Eureka, MO
© Verified accuracy of all online order pickups, reducing dissatisfied service metrics and supporting return patronage.
« Connected with customers to support positive transaction experiences and address service concerns.
« Processed credit card and debit payments, providing accurate charges and credits.
* Operated POS terminals, including all cash drawer management operations.
Answered questions about store policies and addressed customer concems.
« Increased sales by offering advice on purchases and promoting additional products.
« Worked closely with shift manager to solve problems and handle customer concems.
* Managed merchandise returns and exchanges by closely checking items and receipts to assess eligibility and make accurate processing
decisions.
— Edecaricnxn eH
Bachelor of Science: Applied Behavior Analysis, 09/2014
Ashford University - San Diego, CA
* Majored in Behavior Consulting
* Graduated in Top 10% of Class
* Graduated summa cum laude
Associate of Arts: Business Administration, 05/2012
Cosumnes River College - Sacramento, CA
« Majored in Accounting
« Graduated with 4.0 GPA
High School Diploma: 01/2009
Sheldon High School - Sacramento, CA
* Graduated in Top 10% of Class
« Graduated with 4.0 GPA
—_—_—WA MM ——__ Lana es. Aas
Russian:
Negotiated: