JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
— Srrcare eo
Detailed accountant with 25 years of experience and extensive knowledge of accounting principles, taxation policies and income tax
procedures. Well-organized and diligent about keeping records current, statements accurate and accounts reconciled for fully compliant
tracking. Team player with strong technical proficiency and commitment to accuracy in financial data entry and recordkeeping. Polished in
spreadsheet creation, report preparation and data analysis. Quick and accurate to meet strict deadlines and manage multiple tasks.
Sa TTT OSS 8—O
¢ GAAP Accounting * Report Preparation
« Financial Statements Review ¢ Payroll Management
* Accounting Policy and Control * Accounting Software Systems
© Tax Liabilities * Journal Entry Preparation
¢ Financial Projections « State Regulation Compliance
¢ ERP Software * QuickBooks
* Monthly and Annual Joumal Entries ¢ Financial Calculation and Analysis
« Document Recordkeeping e Bank Statement Reconciliation
* Account Reconciliation © Full-Cycle Accounting
* Financial Reporting « A/P and A/R
« Business Operations and Forecasting * Payroll Preparation and Processing
ss TT TT EXPRENCE 2 HHL
Accountant, 09/2020 - 08/2022
Banner Health —- Tempe, AZ
° Managed accounting activities for over 400 properties units.
© Oversaw full accounting cycle and prepared applicable financial statements in Appfolio.
* Gathered banking transactions via statements, recorded activity in Quickbooks and reconciled balances.
« Analyzed and processed security deposit refunds, and adjust and reconcile between QB and Property Management Program.
Accountant, 03/2017 - 08/2020
Banner Health — Phoenix, AZ
* Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.
¢ Setup sales tax integration for NetSuite and analyzed sales tax nexus for individual States.
* Prepare and review sales tax compliance and filings for over 30 different States and review and assist VAT filings in seven different EU
Countries.
Accountant (Contract), 10/2016 - 01/2017
Banner Health — Tucson, AZ
« Assisted the venture firm with the $9 million asset purchase.
* Classified over $3 million of assets for tax and financial statement depreciation.
« Assisted with listing and valuing inventory, including the finished products, work in process and raw materials.
Accountant, 04/2012 - 01/2016
Carli Suspension, Inc. -- City, STATE
Performed and directed all financial aspects of the company. Implemented controls and policies for the company which it previously did not
have. From the time I started until my departure the company doubled annual sales to over six million annually, and employed staff tripled. I
lead and helped to implement a new inventory system, and controlled accounts payable accounts that helped our inventory value to triple during
that time, reduced accounts payable to a manageable amount, which was a main factor in reducing backorder time from 7 to 8 weeks to a 90%
of orders being shipped the same week.
Accountant / Office Manager, 05/2008 - 07/2011
Generation Construction, Inc. — City, STATE
Administered all accounting and various operational functions for a renovation company with over $8 million in sales and over 100 employees.
Prepared monthly financial statements and daily operation reports for owner and department managers. Coordinated and supervised the various
departments to process billing, accounts receivable and payroll.
Franchise Owner, 04/2006 - 09/2008
Mustard Cafe — City, STATE
Owned and operated franchise restaurant. I worked with the franchisor to build restaurant out. The restaurant was an investment which was
successful during time of operation. Along with the operation manager we implemented processes and systems that made our location top
among all other franchise locations in gross profit. This was achieved through managing the most important costs in 4 restaurant operations,
payroll and inventory waste.
Accountant /Principal, 03/1995 - 07/2008
Financial Solutions Plus, Inc. — City, STATE
Started with the company in 1995 and in 2000 was offered and accepted 30% stock ownership. At Financial Solutions Plus I prepared or
supervised all aspects of the operation, Our small business clients increased by over 40% and a 45% - 50% increase in tax clients.
* Prepared monthly financial statements for small businesses for either the management or for other reporting purpose.
© Prepared and processed income tax retums for individuals, small businesses, partnerships, and corporations.
© Supervised payroll processing and payroll tax compliance for 60 - 75 companies for 1000+ employees. Financial Solutions Plus, had less
than 20 payroll clients, but I] implemented new payroll system and hired more staff to increase clients by 300% in two years.
_. EDUCATION AND TRANING
Bachelor of Science: Accounting, 04/1996
California State University - Fullerton - Fullerton, CA
—— TT _ CRIFICATIONS — oO — _—
* QuickBooks Pro Advisor Online and Desktop