JESSICA CLAIRE
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Highly analytical, performance-focused, and growth-driven professional, offering 5 years of experience in all facets of financial analysis; with
strong analytical skills backed by a solid background in advanced accounting operations. Skilled at carrying out financial duties such as auditing
and evaluating complex financial records in alignment with accounting guidelines. Conscientious and well-organized, equipped with a keen
focus on detail and accuracy in researching and generating financial information for clear and concise presentation to clients and management.
Effective at communicating and working collaboratively with cross-functional teams and leadership in attaining company goals and objectives.
Keynoted as an effective leader; able to lead and supervise personnel toward organizational efficiency and development. Highly capable of
accomplishing multiple tasks in a timely manner without compromise on work and results. Armed with exceptional written and verbal
communication and interpersonal aptitudes in cultivating positive relationships with key stakeholders, clients, and various professionals from all
levels and backgrounds.
—aTao OO “SELLE _I_SIO_L)Y}-YY_H)N,JNY]}),]f,fyYJ)JY—aH—
* General Ledger Accounting Expertise * Financial Management and Reporting
« Joumal Entries and Month Closing Processes e Financial Modeling and Forecasting
« Budgeting & Budget Analysis ¢ Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A)
¢ Financial Data and Report Reconciliation ¢ Key Performance Indicators (KPI), and Trends Analysis
e Financial Data and Research * Statistical Modelling and Analysis
Wor IRS TT
Accountant, 11/2017 - Current
Animal Health International, Inc. - Waukesha, WI
* Create budgets and forecasts for the management groups to meet regular accounting deadlines.
« Manage entire accounting cycle, including gathering infonmation, preparing documents, finalizing reports, and closing books for regulatory
reporting, and meeting GAAP requirements.
¢ Improve the efficiency of operations, including data collection, analysis, and modeling, to enhance practices and increase customer
retention,
« Evaluate and improve accuracy and completeness of financial records.
« Assist in providing peer-reviewed reports for management review on the audited trail for financial reporting and auditing.
« Collect data and developed detailed spreadsheets to identify trends and create revenue, profitability, and expense forecasts.
« Develop forecasting tools to analyze revenue variance, business pipeline, and industry trends.
e Analyze risk factors for capital investment projects and the mitigation steps needed to reduce risk.
Project Manager, 02/2016 - 03/2017
Amdocs — Alpharetta, GA
* Managed consolidation of financial data from various stores for Corporate Finance Department's collection to boost and optimize company
efficiency.
« Established long-term business strategy by forecasting budget and financial data through modeling using Microsoft Office Excel.
« Identified plans and resources required to meet project goals and objectives.
General/Finance Manager, 09/2010 - 01/2016
MKSP LLC - City, STATE
¢ Handled financial planning process including the gathering of data and creation of detailed spreadsheets to effectively determine trends;
and formulate revenue, profitability, and expense forecasts.
¢ Analyzed financial statements against forecasts to prepare high-level variance analysis.
* Maintained strong intemal financial controls for stakeholder review.
* Used Quickbooks to prepare monthly reconciliation of bank accounts and take corrective actions on deviations.
« Prepared capital expenditure budgets worth over $750,000 to effectively manage infrastructure investment and long-term operations.
* Drafted technical information and documentation for team members and stakeholders to follow and implement for growth and standard
operating procedure.
Notable Accomplishments:.
© Succeeded in attaining year-over-year (YOY) business prowth while efficiently overseeing the operations, providing strategic vision, and
executing long-term planning through financial data and models.
« Applied retail sales management and trend analysis expertise in competitively obtaining $500K in revenue and business performance
within the first year and $1.5M in the second year with 32% gross profit.
—_—_—- OO ——. Epecation —--,_-- HAHAHA
Master of Science: Management; Financial Management, 08/2022
University of Maryland Global Campus - Adelphi, MD
Bachelor of Science: Business Administration and Management, 10/2019
University of Maryland Global Campus - Adelphi, MD