J O h n f\ itk e n Art Director with 11 years of experience in Graphic Design and 5+ years of
. experience in managerial creative positions. Won the 2018 Best Data
. ° Visualization Webby Award for HealthFirst.com. Supervised the development
Senior Art Director oo os P
of 250+ graphic design projects. Seeking to join The New York Times to
spearhead the creation of visually inspiring solutions that satisfy the demands
of your readers and amplify the message of your journalism.
Personal Info ee, Experience
Phone 2017 - Senior Art Director
501-872-2516 present FCB Global, New York City, NY
E-mail + Supervise multi-functional project teams of 10+ colleaques to develop creative and
john@aitken.me effective advertising concepts, from ideation through final projects.
« [Incorporate and explore client suggestions and directives, resolve questions and
. 7 concerns, oversee objections.
johnaitken.art.io
: « Organize all creative materials to ensure their smooth transition to other
Skills departments.
= « Commission artwork; negotiate costs and usage, oversee completion of artwork,
Graphic Design Software: Illustrator, supervise photoshoots, review sketches from illustrators.
Photoshop, InDesign, FreeHand, Corel Key achievement: Shortlisted for the 2018 Webby Award for creating an interactive
Draw healthcare portal: HealthFirst.com.
HTMUCSS 2014 - Assistant Art Director
Team Management 2017 Acme Designs, Newark, NJ
Creative Problem Solving ¢ Facilitated team meetings for a project to increase revenue for e-commerce clients.
Boosted client's sales by 35% in 4 months.
Proactive Listening and Communication « Developed multiple concepts for assigned products in partnership with senior
copywriters and the account team.
¢ Directed photographers, illustrators, designers and production staff to ensure proper
production of campaign elements.
Key achievement: Led the development and design of a customer site that won the
2016 Leibowitz Branding & Design Award.
2011 - Graphic Designer
2014 SUNY Downstate Medical Center, Brooklyn, NY
« Authored superior graphic design, print production, ads, marketing collateral,
viewbooks, and logo design.
« Worked closely with the communications and marketing team to brainstorm creative
concepts and generate frameworks necessary to produce optima! promotional
media.
- Education
2011 Bachelor of Fine Arts, Cornell University, Cum Laude
New York City, NY
(- Conferences
The 99U Conference, 2018; Led the “Storytelling with Visual Data” panel
The American Institute of Graphic Arts (AIGA) Annual Conference, 2017
(- Awards
2018 Best Data Visualization Webby Award
2016 Leibowitz Branding & Design Award