Rober: Simrch __ Phone (133) 436 78 99
- a wet Website F ywanci lke suroe.com
Automotive Technician __Unkedin:linkedin.com/qyalkresume,
Address: 1737 Marshvilie Road, Alabarna,
SUMMARY
Rellable Automotive Technician vilth four-plus years. plus Automotive § ervice experlence,:Service.
professional witha high cormmitment to safety and productivity. Dedicated to accurate efficient
work and regulatory compilarice: Highly skilled in troubleshooting and repalring machines.” ~
Simultaneously Installatie rand repalr projects to completion with full accuracy and efficlency.
SKILLS
‘Inventory Matiagement, Malnitenarice, Technical, Crane ‘Operation, Forklift Certified, Shipping And
-Recelving, Computer,Assembly, Management,:Hand Tools”” "5
WORK EXPERIENCE
Automotive Technician
ABC Corporation - September 2015 - January 2019
+ ‘Inspected, tested, adjusted, repaired, and replated Integral parts of the vehiclé engine,
“alternator, water pump, and transmissions: “70% “0
* | Repalred varlous systerns: to Include wheelchalr lifts; and wipers mada emergency repalrs..
“and service calls In the fieldas necessary, "0 ee
+ Completed all preventive malrtenance services Including lubrication, oll changes, battery
‘maintenance, tlre-changes; and repalrs:” (0° in
» Inspected, tested, adjusted, repalred, and replaced Integral parts of the vehicle engine,
“carburetor, alternator, vrater pump, and transmissions perform lubrication, oll changes,
- battery maintenance, tre changes and repalrs,, .. .
+ | Repalredreplaced electrical components, Installed! welded exhaust systems and etc:.
* \Relayed Inforrnation to custorners In an intalligible.and frlendly manner,
+ [Listened to customer complaints;and based diagnoses on that Information.
Automotive Technician
ABC Cofporation -.Novernber 2014 - July 2015
“= Répalred wheels, axles, torsion bars and steering méchanlénis of autornobllés, using special .
equipment and wheel-balaneing machines. "°° * te
+ Réepalred and replaced defective ball jolnt'suspensions, brake shoes, and wheel bearings.
* ‘Tasted electronic computer, cornponents, | autornobiles to ensure that they were working
“properly |. _— Lo , ; eee a os
* ised electronic test equiprnent to Jocate and comect malfunctions |n fuel, Ignition and,
emissions control systems, . ae ; .
+ Replacéd’and adjusted headlights and Installed and repalred accessorles, such as radios,
. heaters, mirrors, and windshletd wipers. . .. “
+ Disassembled the unit and Inspected parts for wear, using micrometers, calipers and
_ thickness gauges. ; . toe ; . . ;
* Removed the unit.such as engine; transmisston; and differential, using wrenches and holst.
EDUCATION
Assoclates In Crirninology And Forensic Technology - (TT Tech - Louisville, KY)FIgh School...
Diploma - (Reno High-School)Diploma in General, Studias -"1973(Palca High School -' Palco, KS)
“Ql THE Eros Bids une Template ss the copyright of Gwikrésurne. com. s3yo Gubtelings