Jessica CLAIRE
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ® (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
Websites, Portfolios, Profiles
 https:/Avww.linkedin.com/in/ismail-Jessica-Claire-82874a68/
Professional Summary
Experienced professional coming from Real Estate, Data Retrieval, Public Accounting and Software as a Subscription industries
proficient in laws and procedures governing business operations, tax filings and regulatory compliance. Seeking challenging,
growth-oriented position where field expertise, resourcefulness and
diligence can make positive impact on business operations. Experience with Accounting softwares such as Yardi, MRI, Quickbooks,
Sage Intacct and Microsoft Great Plains.
Skills
« Auditing * Great Plains
e Client-focused ° Sage
e Tax Returns Preparation ° Quickbooks
* Reports generation and analysis * Budget analysis
* Microsoft Great Plains * Account reconciliation processes
e Pro-Systems ¢ Financial statements expertise
e Yardi « Cash Flow analysis
* Microsoft Office * Accounts payable and receivable
* Cash flow analysis
Work History
Accountant, 07/2019 to Current
Apartment Income Reit Carp. - Minneapolis, MN
* Assist with monthly financial close process through preparation of GAAP financial statements, variance analysis and account
reconciliations while adhering to tight deadlines.
¢ Meet with the executive team members and assist the Controller with company’s monthly reforecasting process, analyze
budgets, financial reports and projections for accurate reporting of financial standing
e Analyze budgets, financial reports and projections for accurate reporting of financial standing.
* Handled month-end and year-end end finances by managing and reporting fixed assets and other data.
* Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize effectiveness of operations.
* Monitored accounts payable and accounts receivable functions to accurately gauge organization cash flow.
e Performed electronic banking transactions and completed bank reconciliations to obtain comprehensive picture of organization
bank accounts.
« Computed taxes owed by applying prescribed rates, laws and regulations.
* Responsible for gathering and reviewing new contract information from CRM system — SFDC and creating billing contracts in
Sage using that information.
* Responsibility for oversight of the Sage integration with Wells Fargo Receivable manager software to automate postings of daily
transactions Cash receipts in Sage.
Staff Accountant, 02/2018 to 07/2019
Trek Bicycle Corp — Stirling, NJ
* Maintain Account Receivables system: invoice customers: compile and sort incoming checks: input cash received and prepare bank
deposit.
* Assist in identifying potential problem accounts and send follow-up correspondence.
* Produce reports of accounts that are in arrears and perform an analysis of bad debt.
* Prepare analysis and reconciliations of bill runs to detect fraud.
* Review and monitor credit sources, credit files, castomer applications and
delinquent accounts.
* Prepare, record, verify, analyze and report accounts receivable transactions, and post customer
payments on a timely basis.
* Ensure timely collection of cash receipts from customers.
* Maintain account payable system; verify invoices to purchase orders and receiving documents; resolve discrepancies; request
checks to pay invoices.
* Assist with other accounting functions stich as taxes, monthly and yearly financial reports.
* Balance and monitor daily and monthly accounting concerning Company receipts and expenses,
* Resolve discrepancies, makes adjustments and distribute reports.
* Assist in with quarterly state unemployment and other tax filings.
* File and maintain clerical records and reports.
Audit and Tax Intern, 01/2016 to 04/2016
Boeckermann Grafstrom & Mayer — City, STATE
¢ Prepare Individual, Partnership, Corporation, $-corporation and Fiduciary income tax returns with the assistance of Pro Systems
tax software
¢ Develop excel schedules to maximize software operations
* Review and audit financial statements for clients while applying Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and Generally
Accepted Auditing Principles
¢ Identify and assess risks of material misstatement of financial reports due to fraud; assess internal controls and ensure controls
are effectively designed
¢ Conduct risk assessments, client interviews, and audit walk through, increasing understanding of audited areas
¢ Work closely with audit team and client, identifying and resolving potential issues
Real Estate Accounting Intern, 05/2015 to 08/2015
CBRE - Fortune 500 — City, STATE
e Applied cash and accrual accounting principles to prepare, analyze, maintain and deliver complete and accurate financial
reports for basic portfolios of CBRE clients and properties
¢ Generated and reviewed financial packages for accuracy and comprehensive reporting
* Prepared packages on a schedule to ensure timely delivery to the client and other management teams
© Reviewed and audited funding and payment requests for accuracy, documentation and authorization in accordance with
established operating procedures
e Ensured that all expenses, receipts, owner's distributions, funding requests and other transactions for the accounting period have
been accurately posted
e Adhered to GAAP and Client Accounting Policies and Procedures (CAPP) to ensure internal and external reporting
requirements were consistently met
Education
Bachelor of Science: General Business Accounting and Finance
Saint Cloud State University - Saint Cloud, MN
¢ Dean's List 2013 Academic Achievement Award
e Emphasis Accounting and Finance
e Coursework in Cost Accounting, Intermediate Accounting I and I, Personal Taxation, Accounting Information Systems,
Investment Principles, Real Estate Finance, International Finance, Risk Management and Insurance and Entrepreneurial Finance
MBA: Masters of Business Administration
Concordia University, St. Paul - Saint Paul, MN
Certifications
¢ Certified Management Accountant (CMA) by Institute of Management Accountants (IMA) - February 2021