1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 | { C: (555) 322-7337 | example-email@example.com
Summary
Flexible CPA who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes ‘and technology.
Adept at budget forecasting, financiat reporting, and corporate tax planning. Specialize in
financial planning, reporting and analysis in both private and public sectors,
Highlights
*. GAAP knowledge * General ledger accounting
*° Budget forecasting expertise .¢ . Reporting proficiency
e Account reconciliation expert = © Analytical -
+ Financial statement analysis: ¢ Organized
® Team leadership” . ‘© . Detall-orlented
Experience
Senior Accountant _Mar 2008 to Current
Education Pro + New Cityland, CA . ;
» Revise and streamline inefficient work procedures with automation software...
¢ Collaborate extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.
. Investigate and resolve discrepancies fn monthly bank accounts while under Light
deadlines. ; ooo , - ‘
e Align all financial activity with the regulations of the GAAP.
© Reduced closing time for monthly and quarterly close by 30% by implementing new
consolidation procedures. . : “ . ; ‘
* Educate management on strategies for minimizing tax liability.
Staff Accountant. oo. Nov 2005 to Mar 2008 -
Sting Ray Boats - Ocean City, CA ;
* Thoroughly reviewed financial statements and tax audits to correct any discrepancies.
¢ Tracked all spending against approved requests. a
e: Analyzed costs and revenues to project future trends. -
*. Supplied detailed tax documentation needed to submit accurate corporate returns,
® Decreased errors by 50% and reduced entry input time by 255... ,
Entry-level Accountant ‘Oct 2003 te Nov 2005
Fowler Restaurant Group - Los Angeles, CA
« Assisted with quarterly audit preparation and closing reports,
e. Reviewed all tax returns prepared by individual restaurants before approval.
* Coordinated with senior accountant to analyze fixed asset additions and retirements.
Education
Bachelor of Science, Accounting “2003 -
University of St, Louis - St. Lous, MO
Coursework in Asset Protection and Tax Strategies
Recipient of Margaret Vinning Scholarship.