a
_.. Robert Barathon
pe ME |
ey Passionate and driven architect with managerial experience leading a staff of 20, and overseeing the
EK wea construction and planning process. Expertise in preparing blueprints and presentations for clients.
(555) 123-4567 ; .
robbarathon@gmail.com Senior Architect, Mendelssohn Co.
Branson, MO + January 2015 — Present
linkedin. /in/robbarath . . . . .
Ei linkedin.com/in/robbarathon « Led and supervised a staff of 20 in the development of project documents, including
[7j facebook.com/robbarathon designs and submissions
instagram.com/robbarathon e Coordinated with mechanical, electrical, plumbing and structural subcontractors to ensure
7 twitter com/robbarathon buildings are up to code
e Discussed project feasibility with clients, providing suggestions that shorted the building
SKILLS process by 6 weeks
« Provided initial design concepts for a middle school, restaurant, and residential complex
CAD « Documented the scope and prices of project, ensuring efficiency and productivity
sa, e Provided complete Design Development and Construction Document packages for 13
Organization projects, including the development of a mall
TS e Managed 3-4 projects simultaneously
Creativity e Maintained time schedules and quality of submissions by leading and review staff work
RS « Processed RFs, shop drawings and submissions
Attention to Detail e Prepared 400 blueprints for corporate clients
ee) a
Technical Writing and
Modeliing ”
ee. a
Visualization Skills Junior Architect, Richeluei Co.
oo Duluth, MN » January 2011 — December 2014
HOBBIES e Ensured compliance with applicable codes and ADA requirements
JNA, « Coordinate the layout, design, drafting, and specifications
Professional Lego Builder e Prepared construction drawings for high end residential new construction, remodeling
; projects, and new commercial construction utilizing AutoCAD or REVIT
Ballroom Dancing e Maintained and complied with company and client specific quality control procedures,
Furniture Renovation templates, checklists and standards
e Reviewed corrections and changes to ensure all areas are modified to reflect scope changes
« Responded to questions and requests for information and assistance from field inspectors,
EDUCATION contractors, plan reviewers, code enforcement, owners/builders, employees and supervisors
oO e Prepared 52 scale drawings of planned developments using CAD software
University of Tennessee
Knoxville, TN rs
2004— 2009 Intern, Blue Bird Construction
B.S. Architecture
GPA: 3.7/4.0 Knoxville, TN « January 2008 — December 2011
« Stamped and sealed bid documents
e Used Sketchup and Lumion to create mockups of designs for an elementary school and
outdoor shopping center
« Attended client meetings and conference calls
e Created 3D and 2D construction documents using Revit
e Provided graphics and design support for presentations, including computer modeling,
model building, and renderings
« Performed redline changes and revisions to documents
e Researched building products and materials to compare prices and ensure environmental
regulations are met
e Prepared finish binder, boards, and finish materials
e Assisted with field dimensions, site observations, and construction administration