‘ wt a tei a np el ee
Robert Smith __, Phone (123}456-7a99
Email: (nfo-Gowikresume.cony:
hlin- open by) ap, Website ¢ wea, qwikresuime, Com,
Public Accountant __ Unkedin: linkedin. com/qvelkresume
Addréss: 1737 Marshvillé Road, Alabarna’
SUMMARY
Analytical and collaborative Public Accountant with a diversified skill set Incuding 24+ years of
accounting ‘and auditing experjence, High Standards of ethics; accuracy, professionalism, and
SKILLS
“Certified Public Accountant, California (GAAP corplia nce; Risk Assessment, Pre- and Post-System
iraplementation, Process Mapping Sarnp; Walkthroughs, Internal Control Design.&amp; . -
‘Implementation,’ Data Analytics, Coaching Samp; Mentoring, Business Partner Collaboration;
WORK EXPERIENCE
Public Accountant
Starbick Walsh, LLP - February 2006 --October 2010
+ Performed the following duties and functions, engaged In a-variety of accounting assignfents:
“utilizing accounting ‘principles, procedures; and techniques-which conforra'ta generally’’
~accepted accounting princdples (GAAP), including fournalizing accounting transactions to
subsidiary ledgers such a5 travel, payroll, cost; property, reimbursable, payables, and :
‘yecelvables. . . ae ee . oo. . ee ;
* Audited, reviewed, or validated data entry Into.a variety of basle and spedallzed accounts and
performed continuous: work reviews and analysis of all types of payments, ensuring data was
‘up-to-date, confirmed to budget, and accurate, . "0 “
« Audited, reviewed, designed, and documented.chianges:In procedures and processes,, .. ...
document flow, and walkthrough Inspectians to ensure that accounting records were updated
‘properly and that internal controls Were functioning as‘designed, ,
+ Advised clients regarding improvernents ta operating procedures,
* Determined the Scope of studies, audit, or review, utilizing materiality catculations,- :
professional Judgrent, familiarity with operations, and additional:risk assessment procedures.
_toenhance the olftcome, maximize efficiency, simplify, Improve, and minimize risk... |.
+ ‘Reviewed ‘and prepared or drafted a variety of financial reports including findings, financlal
. Staternents, and the corresponding notes; 2 | re
¢ Reviewed reconciliations and reports, to enstire accuracy and ‘timeliness as well as 7
‘Participated In various reconciliation activities:to ensure subsidiary ledgers‘ were reconclled ta’
_ the general ledger and other extemal accounts; 9 0 an
Maintenance Manager
Us Army. January'1982.- February. 2002. oo. a
* Designed accounting structures, or systems to fit cllents needs; Incorporating Intemal controls
-and- automated processes, - a Ls ee
+ Used ‘automated systems-to find, review or change accounting dataintransactlonfiles;
-ledgers, accounts, Summary reports, and financial statements. Prepared automated obligation
“and expense transactions,” (7 0 meee
« Maintalned, analyzed, and reconciled general ledgers to subsidiary ledgers: |.
« UAdvised clients regarding numerous transactions requiring professional determinations;
: Maintained drup-to-date awareness of budgets; appropriate laws, directives, and regulatlons’
that impacted accounting systemsfor whichIwasengaged,
+ - Improved or developed reports, and Instructions that were accurate, succinct, and
comprehensive: ios ac ahaa aa esa aCe
‘D This Erse Resume Template is the copyright of QwikresUme.tom, Usage Gotdelines