MARCUS HALL T™
Assistant Accountant Ve j
\ (923) @ marcus.hall@hotmail.com } SS
@ feminine-functionality.info 9 North Giovanifield, Armenia i Ea)
YD
Highly motivated and results-oriented Assistant Accountant Success is not the key to happiness.
with over 5 years of experience in operational and transactional Happiness is the key to success. If
accounting. Part qualified ACCA/CIMA with a strong you love what you are doing, you
understanding of daily and month-end accounting procedures, will be successful.
P&L reconciliations, balance sheet reconciliations, AR and AP,
credit control, and cash flow management. Proficient in using
accounting and CRM systems, with advanced Excel skills
including Pivots and Vlookup. Known for confidently challenging STR E N GTHS
existing processes and suggesting improvements, | am a self- fect ok
starter who can effectively manage workload and offer support § Effective Communication
to team members. Passionate about contributing to a positive Excellent communication skills
period of growth and improvement within the organization. Bae ee en ee gular val teams
resulting in efficient problem-solving and
EXP E RI E N Cc E resolution of financial discrepancies.
TTT [J Attention to Detail
Assistant Accountant Meticulous attention to detail in
Greenway Financial Services coneucting account reconciliations and
_ . acca reviewing financial records, ensuring
Es 2022 Ongoing % Droitwich ; . ‘accuracy and reliability in financial
Managed daily and month-end accounting procedures, resulting in reporting.
accurate financial statements and timely reporting. Conducted P&L woe eee ee ee eee
reconciliations and balance sheet reconciliations, identifying and . ce
resolving discrepancies. Assisted in managing the asset register and 9 Analytical Thinking
monitoring payment runs to ensure timely supplier payments. Provided Strong analytical skills utilized in
support to the Finance Manager in month-end/year-end reporting and identifying trends, evaluating financial
internal/external audits. Generated spending reports to aid in cost-saving data, and making informed
Initiatives. recommendations to drive cost-saving
* Executed daily and month-end accounting procedures, ensuring initiatives and optimize financial
accurate and reliable financial statements. performance.
* Performed P&L and balance sheet reconciliations, resolving
discrepancies to maintain data integrity.
* Assisted in managing the asset register, resulting in effective tracking
and management of company assets.
* Monitored payment runs to ensure suppliers were paid within agreed
timescales, maintaining positive relationships.
* Generated reports on spending to support cost-saving initiatives and
drive financial efficiency.
www.enhancv.com Powered by (3X7 Enhancy