JESSICA SUMMARY
C L A | R E » Reputable Accountant skillful in valuing prospects and using diverse statistical techniques. Well-
versed in generating models, forecasting trends and giving presentations to stakeholders and
business leaders. Key financial team member valued for insight and input into financial decisions.
+ Motivated Assistant Accountant focused on maintaining accurate, compliant records and controls.
Pe 3) Responsive to dynamic operating conditions. Detail-oriented and methodical with excellent
&. resumesampleGexample.com mathematical skills, GAAP expertise and IFRS knowledge.
& * Diligent Accountant with strong accounting background and proven industry expertise. Monitored
(555) 432-1000 busi : : : f
usiness operations and regulatory compliance for large corporation. Superior account
100 Montgomery St. 10th management and reconciliation skills leading to achievement of desired results.
a Floor + Dedicated employee known for punctuality, pursuing employment options where good customer
service and positive attitude will make a difference. Dedicated Customer Service Specialist
providing skills to prioritize and multi-task in fast-paced working environment. Successfully works
as part of team to reach personal and business goals. Known for successfully handling escalated
customer support issues. ;
+ Bilingual Customer Service Representative quickly and effectively resolves complaints and issues.
Well-trained and composed in busy call center settings.
SKILLS EXPERIENCE
+ Budgetary Governance Apache Corporation - ACCOUNTANT
* Account reconciliation expert Wildfire - Midland, TX » 06/2021 - 12/2022
° Aolekbes & yable » Analyzed financial statements and income statements to review company's financial performance.
: paditing | + Prepared monthly and year-end closing statements, financial documents and invoices.
= Payroll management + Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts.
. AlPand A/R + Balanced reports and batch summaries to submit for approval.
«Payroll liability and deductions - Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.
«Data analysis and research - Monitored company costs and presented budget forecasts for each quarter.
+ Accounting operations » Identified process inefficiencies and recommended improvements. 7 ; ;
management » Created detailed financial models and applied analytical tools to facilitate variance analysis.
. . » Created and executed short- and long-term customized comprehensive financial strategies to reach
. Quicken expertise company goals.
° vaject marae nent t + Managed team of financial professionals and coached each employee in job tasks and duties.
«Accounting and bookkeeping + Educated management members on strategies for minimizing tax liability.
+ Credit card payment processing Cushman & Wakefield - Accountant, Office Administation, Customer Service
+ Customer relations Knoxville, PA « 07/2018 - 03/2021
+ Report generation — ; . ; ; ; :
- Adaptive team player . Delivered fast, friendly and knowled geable service for routine questions and service complaints.
+ Project management abilities » Established positive rapport with customers, managers and customer service team members to
+ Schedule mastery maintain positive and successful work environment. — ;
+ Problem-solving abilities » faintained knowledge of company products and services to promptly resolve complaints and
concerns.
+ Assisted staff with resolving complex customer issues and implementing targeted solutions.
EDUCATION AND - Investigated sensitive customer service complaints and delivered prompt resolution to customer
TRAINING satisfaction, == .
» Assisted customers in making payments on accounts and setting up payment plans.
Penn Foster College » Provided outstandi ng service to new and long-standing customers by attending closely to concerns
Scottsdale, AZ - 08/2021 and developing solutions.
; . ; » Reviewed purchase documents and company receipts for reconciliation with statements.
BBA: Business Administration + Prepared accurate financial reports each month by collecting, analyzing and summarizing account
. information.
ie Community College + Maintained full compliance when executing and tracking bank reconciliations, A/P, invoicing, billing
urks And Caicos Islands « *
01/2011 and collections.
+ Applied mathematical skills to calculate totals, check figures and correct problems with physical
Associate of Arts: Accounting And and digital files.
Business Management + Alleviated financial discrepancies by preparing bank reconciliations, managing field audits and
reviewing accounting records for accuracy.
Ashworth College + Certified and processed payroll, electronic deposits and pay adjustments while distributing checks.
Norcross, GA + 03/2017 + Coordinated budget information by assessing estimated income and expenses as well as historical
Travel Agent budgets.
Ashworth College Caribbean Cruisin Ltd - Operations Manager, Bookkeper
Norcross, GA + 04/2019 City, STATE « 01/2006 - 03/2021
Hotel And Motel Management » Directed day-to-day operations by spearheading implementation of short-term and long-term
, . strategies to achieve business plan and profitability goals.
American Hote; & Lodging * Conducted performance reviews providing coaching and feedback to benefit both company and
Orlando, FL » 04/2018 employee.
Hospitaly * Managed company operations with responsibility for profit and loss, scheduling, training and
inventory control.
+ Implemented policies and standard operating procedures and managed quality, customer service
and logistics.
» Delivered positive customer experiences by implementing effective quality assurance practices.
» Collaborated with staff to maximize customer satisfaction, streamline procedures and improve
bottom-line profitability.
+ _ Planned daily operational strategies, including delivery routing, team workflows and promotional
initiatives.
+ Maintained safety and emergency readiness among personnel by disseminating information on and
monitoring compliance with regulatory and organizational policies.
+ Improved morale and management communication by creating employee recognition and rewards
practices. ,
+ Recruited, hired and trained crew members on application of projects, customer relations and
customer service.
+ Developed initiatives for process improvement and reviewed and assessed ongoing operations.
+ Oversaw financial management, budget management, accounting and payroll activities.
+ Reviewed daily financial reports and reconciled accounts to keep information current and accurate.
+ Built upon established practice standards to improve operational performance and reduce labor
costs.
+ Enforced security policies and procedures to protect company assets from theft, loss or damage.
* Evaluated invoices and shipping paperwork for accuracy and compliance.
+ Established organizational vision and developed strategies to achieve sales and customer service
goals.
- Aided senior leadership during executive decision-making process by generating daily reports to
recommend corrective actions and improvements.
+ Examined quantitative methods and techniques and approaches to optimize organizational
operations and facilitate decision-making. ,
» Replenished inventory to maintain par levels.
» Achieved and surpassed production targets through effective staff management, task allocation
and materials coordination.
+ Inspected production areas to identify and correct unsafe or unauthorized practices.
Brace Bay Leasing - Leasing Agent
City, STATE + 02/2019 - 11/2019
+ Led property tours to showcase amenities to prospective tenants and offered valuable information
regarding major features.
+ Contacted and followed up with tenants on renewal notices.
* Encouraged prospective tenants to fill out applications after property tours.
+ Conducted background checks on applicants.
+ Answered calls and responded to inquiries from various parties, using strong active listening and
open-ended questioning skills to resolve problems. ,
LANGUAGES
English: French:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
creole:
Negotiated: