Sill)
VUUMELWD
Licensed Certified Public Accountant in the state of Arizona with 10+ years
of experience in Financial analysis, internal auditing, and tax accounting.
Seeking an opportunity to help a business make informed financial decisions
‘WORK EXPERIENCE jf NS
Senior Tax Accountant, Vesco Associates (/ ae |
Phoenix, AZ * January 2019 — Present eo. y
- Assume full responsibility for directing multiple tax accounting engagements
- Provide clients with Tax Compliance, Research, Consulting for corporate, partnership and Phoenix, AZ
individual returns (602) 451-0341
- Oversee the direction of a team of tax specialists in the delivery of tax services
- Initiate and present effective tax planning strategies for a diverse range of middle market samantha.lee@gmail.com
clients.
- Research and report on trends and developments concerning complex domestic and [i linkedin.com/sam.lee
international tax issues. Y7 twittercom/sam.lee
LANGUAGES
Tax Accountani, Publico .
English
Phoenix, AZ * June 2013 — December 2018 OO
Devi ote es , : 1. Cantanese
evised individual (1040) and business tax returns (1120,1120's,1065) and associated =.
schedules and financial statements Re
eer ; Spanish
- Lead tax planning and minimization analysis as the supervisor of a team with senior and Se
junior staff members. French
- Prepared personal and business tax returns for federal, state, corporate, individual, and a
partnerships for a minimum of 2 tax seasons at a time. | |
- Organized research and results with spreadsheets, tax prep and bookkeeping software for EDUCATION
transparency . : .
- Collected and researched data, synthesized complex information, and presented findings. University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ
TT 2006 — 2010
Accountani, StaffResidual B.S. Accounting
Phoenix, AZ * January 2011 — June 2013 ‘CERTIFICATIONS
- Maintained lead schedules for various balance sheet accounts and record related entries, a |
. i, . Certified Management
including intercompany, fixed assets and prepaid expenses. Accountant (CMA)
- Assisted with accounting for digital advertising sales as company ramps up efforts to
monetize existing properties, including invoicing, reconciliations between ads purchased and 2013
ads run, and application of payments received. Certified Public Accountant
- Reconciled various bank accounts. Prepare and record entries for the monthly close, (CPA)
including reclasses and accruals. 2011
- Prepared audit schedules, providing document support and managing inquiries for two
annual financial statement audits.
- Acted as backup for the entire accounts payable payment process, including batch
preparation, data transfer to general ledger and payment setup using online banking
platform.