Jessica CLAIRE
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ® (555) 432-1000 @ resumesample@example.com
Summary
Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales professional with track
record of driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company profile with target market.
Skills
Timberline, MRI, YARDI, Peachtree, Peoplesoft, OneSite,
QuickBooks Microsoft Word and Excel
Experience
ACCOUNTANT, 07/2014 to Present
Arizona State University —-Tempe, AZ
e Tam an experienced and goal-oriented Accountant with a demonstrated track record in preparation and analysis of financial
reports to summarize and forecast financial position.
* Independent contributor committed to superior quality, teamwork and proficient internal and external customer service.
e An Accountant experienced in driving efficiency, productivity, and implementation of process improvements to support
achievement of overall corporate goals and objectives.
* Core competencies include:.
e Accounting Management.
e Cash Management FDH Velocitel provides all the services needed to design, build, optimize, upgrade and maintain broadcast
and wireless infrastructure.
* FDH Velocitel develops innovative solutions for evaluating the condition of heavy civil structures, such as bridges, dams and
levees.
Accounting Manager, 04/2010 to 07/2014
Adt Security Services, Inc— Aiea, HI
¢ Responsible for financial management functions including preparation and delivery of monthly/quarterly financial statements,
and variance analysis for several cost centers.
« Responsible for processing of general accounting functions, balance sheet account reconciliation, time and material and AIA
billing for Government work, inventory, and job costing.
* Responsible for coordination of annual audit and government auditing.
¢ Implemented an inventory system.
¢ Assisted in implementation of percentage of completion reporting for revenue.
* Assisted in Accounting system upgrade Northwood Ravin is a leading multifamily development, construction and property
management firm serving the Southeast.
Senior Accountant, 05/2005 to 06/2009
Genesee & Wyoming Inc. - Wolcott, IN
* Responsible for property and development accounting for several entities which includes preparation financial statements.
e Work closely with Developers and property management personnel.
« Responsible for the full accounting cycle from entering budgets, editing accounts payable, managing entity cash, general ledger
reconciliation and reconciling bank statements.
¢ Monthly duties include sending out financial packages to owners as required.
e Mortgage payments.
* Retail/Parking Deck management accounting.
* Prepare annual audit schedules and work with external auditors.
Jessica Page 2.
e Update Fixed Assets.
* Payment of real estate and personal property taxes.
* Prepare personal property tax schedules.
* Provide information to owners.
¢ Prepare draws for bank funding.
* Provide banks with all required information for that funding.
e Liaison with the banks.
* Diebold Fire Services provides comprehensive products and services in Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina to meet
company’s fire, security and life safety needs.
Finance Manager/Accountant, 11/2004 to 05/2005
Adtran — Portland, OR
* Responsible for financial management functions including preparation and delivery of monthly/quarterly financial statements,
variance analysis, and financial forecasts.
* Oversight and processing of general accounting functions, including AR/AP, balance sheet account reconciliation, billing,
payroll, inventory, job costing, inter-company reconciliation, monthly and quarterly sales and payroll tax preparation and cash
management.
* Served as a key leader in managing an accounting system conversion from three different ERPs to Solomon in local offices.
* Coordinated efforts incorporating two local level acquisitions into current business with corporate office.
¢ Developed a plan for segregation of duties among five different locations.
* Mid-City Urban, LLC is in the Security Brokers, Dealers and Flotation Companies industry with annual sales of $1M- $5M.
Assistant Controller, 11/2001 to 11/2004
Kimley-Horn And Associates, Inc.- Denton, TX
« Responsible for overseeing accounting procedures, internal controls (implementing, monitoring, enhancing), and database
management.
¢ Prepared financial reports, developed budgets, and performed variance analysis in accordance with business plan.
e Supervised monthly contract billings to outside financial sources.
¢ Assisted in tax return preparation.
* Bozzuto Management Company offers apartment living and management services for nearly 100 properties throughout the East
Coast.
Project Accountant, 01/1999 to 01/2001
Apartment Investment & Management Co — City, STATE
e Closed and compiled monthly financial reporting packages for management and owners of residential developments.
* Performed monthly account reconciliations and monitored general ledger transactions.
e Consistently met deadlines while demonstrating strong analytical and problem-solving skills to achieve corporate objectives.
¢ Prepared audit papers to several different audit firms such as Deloitte & Touche.
¢ Report packages included cash flow statements and a written explanation of variance analysis.
e AIMCO owns or operates multi-family properties in numerous states nationwide.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Science: Accounting & Finance, 1993
University of South Carolina - Upstate - Spartanburg, SC
Accounting & Finance
Skills
account reconciliation, account reconciliations, accounting, Accountant, general accounting, Accounting Management, Accounting
system, accounts payable, acquisitions, ABC, AIA, AP, AR, auditing, balance sheet, reconciling bank statements, billing, billings,
bridges, broadcast, budgets, business plan, cash flow, Cash Management, conversion, customer service, database management,
delivery, driving, editing, financial, forecast financial, financial forecasts, financial management, financial reports, financial reporting,
financial statements, Fixed Assets, general ledger, Government, inventory, job costing, managing, Excel, office, Microsoft Word,
payroll, Peachtree, Peoplesoft, personnel, problem-solving skills, property management, quality, QuickBooks, real estate, reporting,
Retail, safety, sales, Solomon, tax, taxes, tax return preparation, tax preparation, teamwork, Timberline, upgrade, variance analysis,
written
Activities and Honors