‘Contact: . Jamizekophalkegraailcom 916-258-9337 linkedin.com/in/janlr-kuphal
. Suraniary ° - Accomplished fund accauritant with 7+ years ef experience providing accounting =
, and financlal reporting services to clients in the hedge fund industry. A Certified —
_ Public Aécountant (CPA), eager ta leverage extensive kaewledge of GAAP and IFRS
to support the growth objectives of ABC Corporation as a senior fund accauntant.:
- At previous firms, managed Leams of up to 8 junior accountants while supervising ,
-all aspects of month-end close, including preparing journalentrlesand. -
“reconciliations, © se oo
“Employment _ Employer A. Tampa
a - Fund Accountant January 2018 - Present -
“a Accurately prepared and fited quarterly reports far SEC compllance, which
resulted In 04a e¢rors and saved the company $5,000in penalties!
a. Coordinated with external auditers to schedule yearly audits and resolved all ;
discrepancies promptly, resultinginacleawauditreport,
-« Compiled monthly financial statements far management review, highlighting
key variances against budget and prior year periods, a
i= Budgeted for upcorning projects by working closely with project managers, -
ensuring that sufficient funds were avallable when needed withaut tying up
cashunnecessarily,. Se
©. Demonstrated excellent problem satvlng skills by esolving 4 corplex billing
’ issue that had been ongoing for 6 months, saving the campany $28,000 per
manth in fees.
” Employer B Torrance -
‘Fund Accountant March 2012 - December 2017
« Prepared and filed quarterly SEC reparts and arinual tax returns fora $1000
venturefund, os a
@ Tracked the fund's invesiments, performance and cash Naws using
QuickBooks, Excel and proprietary Software.
« Planned and managed the fund's budget, ensuring that all expenses were
pald an time anid within budget. 7
_@ Meticulously reviewed financial statements arid investment portfolios to -
identify discrepancies and errors. SO , ‘ 7
‘e Reparted findings ta the fund's management team and made
recommendations forlmprovements.“
Edtication * Educational Institution XYZ ‘ November 2011
, uo _ Bachelor of Science in Accounting - Be
“SkltLs - “Accounting . Teanwork Financial Analysis"
_— financial Reporting Time Management Financial Accounting
"Finance: _ Account Reconciliation Auditing —
Certifications ’ Certified Fund Accountant / Institute
; of Certified Fund Accountants / May’
2017