1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010 [ | C: (555) 322-7337 | example-email@example.com
Summary
Resourceful Agricultural Fleld Technician experienced in maintaining wide range of equipment
in the field. Proficient at testing, troubleshooting, and repairing implements, assemblies, and
parts as well as making recommendations for future product development.
Highlights
e “Mechanically-inclined e Available for frequent travel
« Equipment repair * Product development support
¢ Process optimization « Operational improvement
¢ Testing ® Precision measuring capabilities
© Calibration e Meticulous
Experience
Agricultural Field Technician Jul 2007 to Current
AgPra - New Cityland, CA
e Set up and maintain testing equipment at remote field locations.
e Calibrate instrumentation, controls, and equipment to test function and evaluate
performance. ,
© Work with engineers to plan and develop improved testing protocols.
* Assist product development team by collecting information on real-world use and
testing equipment in the field.
® Develop new instrumentation and controls in laboratory settings. .
¢ Overhaul customer equipment and prototype designs to maximize performance and
‘cost-effectiveness for field use. ;
e Utilize various tools, test equipment, controls, precision measuring devices, and
computer-equipment to complete tests and equipment maintenance, repairs, and
overhauls. ,
« Adhere to all safety protocols, best practices, and company standards at all times.
Agricultural Field Technician ‘Aug 2002 to Jun 2007
Posten Agriculture and Environmental Support - New Citytand, CA
© Traveled to field locations to evaluate equipment state and performance.
¢ Conducted tests to obtain engineering data to support future design services.
* Disassembled and reassembled wide range of hydraulic, pneumatic, and mechanical
equipment during inspections. ;
¢ Troubleshot and diagnosed equipment performance issues and malfunctions.
¢ Evaluated accuracy of specifications, stability, and feasibility characteristics.
Education
Bachelor of Science, Agriculture 2002
University of California - New Cityland, CA
Miner in Mechanical Engineering
Additional advanced coursework in Chemistry and Mathematics.
3.87 GPA