a 7 “Phone: (123) 45678 99
Agriculture Worker Email: Info@quwikresume:com
Wo : A. Website; vews.dwikiesuirne.com
R OB ERT S M IT H. Linkedin:
, Inkedinicom/qulkresurne:
Address; 1737 Marshyllle Road,
Alabama.
Objective.
Anexttemely dedicated, determined, and hard worker, Obtain 60 units of general education,
credits accurnulated. Can drive a forklift‘and also Ilft welght up to 300 Ibs.
Skills.
Bilingual In English And Spantsh, Microsoft Office, Custémer Service, Data Entry, Word, Windows, .
Bowergolntz (70002 b oe Bion meee Seah ae gees Sa EE Trae ens
Work Experience
Agriculture Worker
ABC. Corporation - june 20213 = July 2013
+ Set up and operate Irrigation equipment.” ; . ; . : . .
+ Operate tractors, tractor-drawn machinery, and selEpropellad machinery to plow, harrow, and,
. fertilize the:soll, or to plant, cultivate, spray and harvest craps. oo.
+ Repalr and maintaln farm vehicles, implements, ‘and mechanical equipment.
+ Harvest'frults.and vegetables by hand,
+ Apply pesticides, herbiddes; or fertilizers to crops::
+ Inform farmers or farm managers of crop progress. :
« Identify plants, pests, and weeds to determine the selection and application of pesticides and:
‘fertilizers, :
Agriculture Worker
Delta Corporation - 2009 - 2013
+ - Lifted héavy baskéts of fruits all day.
+ Worked in extremely. hot:ternperatures' picking peaches andcarryingd ladder. |
* Then | was promoted, a few months later'ta the peach packing house where! worked as a
pallatizer lifting 20ta.50 pound boxes of peachesall day. ee
* Operate and service all farm equipment Assist with field preparation, planting fertilizing
watering sid harvesting of all corps. . — .
+ Assistwith Inventarylng, packing, loading and shipping ofall corps:
+. Service all grain blns as needed (olllng, replacing belts or mators, etc, ),.
+ -Polled and washed bins to prep for the almond harvest, -" 7" 7
Education
Diploma - 2005 (Ing, Eduardo chavez - Valle Herrnosd, Tamps.}
® This Free Resume Templateéis the copyright of Qwikresume.com.: Usage
Guideli 2,