=e ras ay Yr.
ROBERT SMITH
Automotive Service Manager |
Phone? (0123)-456-789 | Email: infoSqwikresumeé.conv.]. Webaite: Gwikresunie.com:
EEE
H ard working Automotive Service- Manager proficient in problem solving complex.auto
‘repair issties while consistently delivering quality service. Service Advisor who employs a
‘strong work cthic-and is focused an quality and customer satisfaction. Employs great:
communication skills-ta relay,complex problems to. customers. re
‘Supervision. Business Development. Business’ Management. OS a
Automotive Service Munnger
‘Coastland Automotive - October 2014 - Present
« Managed the operation trom research of vehicle to the procedures and monitoring:
of the job from completing o ports.distributor pricing to advising the technician’
through the complete job; tothe extent-ofa customer ride alang:
-* Prepare accurate. and detailed repair orders that describe customerconcemp:;
« Contemplated-several computer diagnostic soltitions for the cllenia current vehicle
“in the service bay for review. and go over the customers options available.
a Arigwer multiple line telephone system and ¢all customers to advise of any’
‘services needed, close the sale and schedule appointments, oy
-* Resolve customers billing and orservice concerns complaints or direct to
appropriate department ta resolve and fallow.through to completion...
« -Login customers transactions and interactions on a daily basis tor fallow up
réports and customer. retention: : — ‘ ue
= Complete all Invoices: written from ‘start te finish by finalizing billing.
Automotive Parts Ce ; _
‘Benwood Auto Parts - June:2002 ~November 2013.
4 Research broker parts from over 100 trading partners'in our network ct yards.
a Issue quotes to-Insurance compantes ‘ond repalr facilides follow through with
‘sales calle to close sales:aind maintain the customer base. oo,
© -Call’on area body shops and insurance adjusters for nebyorking and potential '
4 Periodically visit area repair and body shops to &ldquo;put's. face to the,
volce&requoi to establish a better-understanding of the shop&réquo:s needs and
‘develop customer relationships; “ " ‘
7 .
: _... ,2259 Onk Street; Old Forge, New-York; 13420" . ~
o-This Free Resume Template ts tle copyrinut af Getkresurne,comt, Usage Guidelines: