Mitchel Baker
Accountant
2 Profile Details
Certified Accountant with five years of experience in account email@example.com
reconciliations, streamlining accounts, and financial planning. Highly.
‘motivated professional with a proven track record of delivering Links.
accurate reports and high quality service. Possess a comprehensive. Accounting Examples
understanding of all aspects of accounting and financial planning. A
dedicated leader with the ability to lead effective teams in attaining Skills
profit improvement. Interpersonal Skills
& Employment History Management
Accountant at Huntington Associates, Philadelphia Recruiting
July 2022 — Present _-aau_—=ee———€—_—
- Oversaw the management of all company accounts. Leadership
- Processed staff payroll and other main aspects of financial
transactions.
» Managed accounting teams and ensured that all accounting
records were complete and accurate.
« Explained financial matters to people outside of the finance
department in a comprehensive way.
« Remained professional and discreet when handling sensitive or
private financial matters.
- Working closely with junior staff members while aiding them in the
progression of their careers.
Staff Accountant at Dubone Partnership, New York
November 2018 — September 2022
- Managed accounts by analyzing costs and revenues.
« Projected future trends based on analysis work.
+ Managed complex expense reporting. |
» Develop strategies for minimizing tax liability.
- Work closely with auditors during all audit processes.
« Performed financial risk assessments for-all future business
‘projects.
+ Organized sales and profit reports.
+ Prepare, review, and submit crucial budget plans for company
goals.
Accounting Records Manager at Pepsico, New York
October 2017 — October 2018
« Worked as a supervisor to staff of twelve finance department:
members.
« Prepared budget and analyzed inventories, cost of goods, and
‘general accounts,
« Served as a liaison between the accounting staff and the external
audit staff.