Architectural Designer
' Phone: {01 23)-456-789 | Emad info@qwhkresume.com | Websia: Onikrasume.cam
a
SUMMARY
Master of Architectiir9 with working knowledge of Interior design, space planning, and concep- tual
dave lopment, Creallve, depandablo’and respons ble professional, capable of warking both
‘independently or in collaboration 10 meat project challenges and deadlines, Eagar to further
deveico exper tise amidst talented individuals; “° es
CORE COMPETENCIES
Auta-Gad Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Adoba In Dasign Sketch- Up Vasari Microsoht Power
‘Point Microsatt Ward! Exeal; ws
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
‘Architeclural Designer.
Shremshock Archiltects, Ine,“ Jund 2014 = 2019
‘Key Deliverabies: Oo —— | 7
» Scope ct wark Induged commarcial, msKantial, educational and corporate projosts.
‘© Meeting with efents‘ta understand their noeds and budget,
« Meeting wih representatives [rom diflarent companigs ‘in order to setect high-quality’
products that meat clienis needs and expectations as.wellas budgets 9
« ‘Comploting &quotFinishing Schadules&quot; lor clients and contmetors-
* Sotting up sample boards and rengorings to presenttoglionts,
‘« Edijed and modified working drawings ‘as ‘par amhilecis md marks and comments,,
« Work closely wilh architects and contractors to ensure accurale tninstation’o! project
paramstarsand deadlines; = Sees ee
‘Architectural Designer,
“ABC Corporation- 2013 = 2014:
« . Design cabinet and slorage sysioms for. commercial clienis ulillzing Cabina! Vision
solware. ¥ rn av es, it eotes
© Specily matorials and construction techniques. ; . .
« Werk closely with architects and contractors to ensura accumte transtation of project
* Maintain up-to-date drawing inlomation by’ ensuring all updates and change ordars-are’
roceWved and processed, le Coe bee ; ee
2, Davelop CNC programs for production.and porfarm quality contol for each item
“© Micmsail Otlice, Plan Grd, Blua Beam, and Cabinet Vision usedextensioly,
* This is Oummy Description data, Replace with job description retevant to your.current rote,
eC“ eCSC“‘#‘NNNSCSCONC‘é;CG
ve 2959 Oak Stretl. Old Forigey New York." 13420: oo.
This Fros Resume Tomplate 1s. the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage Guidelines