Phone: (123) 456 78 99
Accountant Emall: Info@quikresume.com
Website: wuavquikresuirne.com
ROBERT SMITH Linkedin
linkedin.com/quikresume
Address:.1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,
Objective.
Versatile Accounting and Finance professional with more than 8 years of progressively responsible
experlence In fast-paced environments. Expertise In profit and loss management and skilled In all
basle accountIng functions for organizations Including payroll, general ledger, and financial
analysis. Experience with cash-flow structuring and management and financial and strategic
planning, Established reputation for precision and steadiness, while Increasing efficiency and
Identifying areas oflmprovernent’ ~~ - ‘ ‘ ,
Skills.
ET Quick Books Pro, Microsoft Office - Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Microsoft Outlook.
Work Experience
Accountant
ABC Corporation - February 2013 - Present _
+ Responsible for accounts payable and accounts recelvable, data entry, generating checks,
and customer/supplier communication using Quickbooks pro... : oo
* Processing weekly payroll, verifying time cards, generating excel surnmary spreadsheet and
entering dataintopaychecks, a co ; ae
* Preparing and verlfylng dally reports, Income/sales, journal entrles, deposits of ticket sales .
recelpts. coe, ee . oo, a
* Reconciling bank account, compile monthly reports, malntalning returned check account, and
assisting In preparing a monthly balance sheet and income statement. ; ;
* Offering recommendations to management regarding changes In financial transactions as well
ascash flow, © ; en ee
* Working on rnalntalning and tallying accounting ledgers In coordination with accounting
departments. . . . — a ae . oe
* Responsible for managing cash flow with forecasting and budgeting methods and keeping -
track of account recelvables.
Accounting Assistant
ABC Corporation - May 2008 - July 2010
* Prepared and processed purchase orders, Invoices, check requests, manual checks and‘
contract payments, oe ; “ ‘ I uo
* Reviewed and approved purchasing and accounts payable transactions for posting.
* Responsible for managing year-end cut off processes for accounts payable and receivable,
* Malntained A/P, prepared journal entries, bank reconciliations and p&ampil statements
accountable for creating, updating and maintaining purchase orders; .
* Responsible for coordinating with customers, vendors Samp; sales representatives for
- merchandise inquiries recorded transactions by debiting and crediting financial accounts
using QuickBooks, . . . oo,
+ Assisted supervisor In preparing Internal reparts using MS-Excel and MS Powerpoint
© This Free Resume Tempiate is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines