Robert Smith CONTACT DSTAMLS
ope mtn
1737 Marshville Road:
2: eee, - Alabama’ —
Senior Accountant (123)-456-7890
Info@qvilkresume.com
Wiviw.qWwikrasuine.cam
PERSONAL STATEMENT a
" Dédleated Accountant with Gver'10 years of experience and profilenciesin SKULES
-account management, flow, reporting, and across many business areas, * Quickbooks, Microsoft
Business experience In financlal analysis and management: Attentlon ta ‘Office, ADP Payroll,
detail in cllent managément, evaluating economic and business trends,” ProSystern Fx Tax, CCH”
completion of financial détails; and organizational skills; Results orlanted “actice M ee
leader with process management'skllls to corriplete tasks within. budget and: Practice Management,
on time. Adept‘at-financlal revlev/, research, and analysis In’a fast paced Abacus Accounting
environment. .
WORK EXPERIENCE. LANGUAGES
eG oo. English (Native)
Senior Accountant French (Professional)
“ABC Corporation - January 2011 +. Present: ‘Spanish (Professional)
Re sponsibistias: 7 soe
® Perforrning general accounting and financial.activitles Including journal
entry preparation: and.posting aswell as account analysis and a
; accrual/reserve analysis.- ae ; a Cllrablng
“=, Developing financlal statements incliding balance sheet Income Coe poarding
statement and cash flow, oe Reading
* Continuously monitoring all financial and statlstical reports for’accurate
completion of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)
financdal statement... . se
“* Preparing financlal and business related analysis and research In such
"areas as financlal and expense performance, rate of return, Reference — 1 (Company
depreciation, working capital, and Investments: ©. a Ree oe -2 (Compa
«= Working closely with other finance teams and with other departments ta Name)" ‘pany
recalve, retrieve and consolidate data and ensure data Integrity In enone
reporting.
“= Analyzing monthly department budgeting and accounting reports to
maintain expenditure controls, - CO
« Consolldating monthly reporting packages, forecasts, and annual,
budgets and analyze trends In revenue, expense; capital expenditures,
and other related areas.
Accountant - a ke
ABC Corporation- July 2007.- December 2010
Ra spansibiftias: 7 im in
= Reviewed, analyzed, processed and'malntalned accounting and
finandal transactions and records to ensure operational quallty and -
efficlency measures are achleved, , oo
‘= Performed a variety of accounting functions that supported
organization-wide operations and malntalned the accuracy of: gerieral
and expenditure ledgers and financlal’systems:
* Accomplished dally and monthly ;recelving of bank deposits and
subsequent cash and billing adjustments to corresponding accounts.
= Assisted with Invoicing, processing payments, and resolving collection,
Istues ral t_Aeanemetieet LOE orb on
Ls] This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usage Gublelings .