fy" 6 Olivia Ogilvy
Ns Accountant
& Profile Details
Experienced Certified Public Accountant with 7+ years of experience in financial 1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA
reporting, reconciliations and P&L statements. Holds an MBA plus a Business 90291, United States
Valuations Certificate. Proven track record in financial system overhaul resulting email@email.com
in improvements of up to 30% in terms of processing speed and accuracy. .
Place of birth
San Antonio
© Employment History
Accountant Ill at BZG Bank, Los Angeles Nationality
May 2017 - April 2019 American
Implemented a cash conversion model for six branches and ten ATMs that saved Driving license
$40,000 a year in processing expenses. Full
° Oversee all financial reporting and accounting functions.
° Managea team of 4 accounting clerks during the reconciliation of bank Links
accounts, analysis of periodic financials, and preparation of budgets. Twitter
° Compile financial statements and submit to Financial Director Linkedin
° Reconcile T&E, Amex, Petty Cash, and Prepaid accounts Facebook
° Verify all payments against invoices and accounts receivable reports
° Update budgetary schedules and expense reports every 30 days Skills
° Responsible for the payroll function of 1500 employees Financial Reporting
Accountant II at H2O0 Manufacturing, Tampa Financial Management
January 2013 - March 2017 w—e————SSSSoo.a—aOo
Reinvented the format of several critical and complicated Balance Sheet Financial Accounting
account reconciliations which reduced the error variations by 30%.
Income Statements
© Prepare journal entries, reconciliations, and trend analyses during month ST
end Balance Sheets
° Managerevenue, accounts payable, accounts receivable and expense
P&L Calculations
accrual accounts ="
° Liaise with operations, production, and marketing department to validate Advanced Excel
the correctness of financial information and review financial data reports I
© Assist with migration of the balance sheet from Oracle to SAP Federal Regulations
° Responsible for cash disbursement a
a, . . Bank Reconciliations
° Engage with internal audit team to complete documentation for SOX and po”
Basel II Ledgers & Journals
Accountant | at Cobb & Associates, San Diego
January 2011 - December 2012 Languages
Retrieved over $100,000 in overdue receivables in less than three months by English
assigning a temp debt collector to follow up on outstanding payments. ,
Frenc
° Assist with monthly, quarterly and annual financial statements, general I
ledger, balance sheet reconciliations, journal entries, fixed assets, and P&L Spanish
reporting
° Calculate variances between actual results and budget forecasts.