Robert Smith ._ Phone (133) 456 78 99
: Ernaill; Infogravdkre sume, com
- beak Website ywacikmesuroe.com
Associate Accountant ___Unkedin linkedin. comfavlkresume,
Address: 1737 Marshvilie Road, Alabarna,
SUMMARY
Degreed Assoclate’Accou ntant with 5 plus years of experlence In tax compliance, accounts:
payable, bank reconciliations, and fixed assets. Successful coordination of: deadiine-orlented
projects’ among varlous departments and staff levels, Hard-worklng, dedicated team player vith
the abliity to blend analysis; problem-solving, and organization to produce éffectlve results, .
Extensive experlence In SAP FICO.and BI reporting modules MS Excel Viookups.: plyot tables,
formulas ONESQURCE-1099 ProSystem, Tax ProSystem, Responding to IRS notices and requests, .
Meeting Urgent:deadiines, Bullding relationships: ; a .
SKILLS
“Advance Knowledge In Microsoft’ Excel And Mlerosoft Office Suite, NetSuite Accounting System;
Institutional Accounting System, CashPro Financial Systern, QuickBooks Pro, Bloornberg, DATATEL
‘Colleague; Concur And Outlook, °°" 0 EN ee a
WORK EXPERIENCE
Associate Accountant
ABC Corporation ~ September 2013 = Present
« Collecting funds and dally reports. for: deposits fromm the box office, and development’
- departments. ~ ‘
« Preparing daily deposits by calculating and. entering verified dally totals (cash, checks, credit
cards) Into spreadsheet(s) reporting systern.. ;
* Cornrounicating effectively and efficlantly vith all levels of management by telephone and/or
* Recelving and opening incorning malled recelpts and matching recelpts to completed dally
deposits, 9 ee i weet
* Reconciling monthly finandlal réports for receipts Issued through the student accounting
* Working with payroll contacts to coordinate payroll deductions, new rnernber information,
- Comrnunicating with members and staff regarding transactions relating to accounts,
Accountant:
ABC Corpération ~ Juné 2013 - August 2013
+. Processed and.balanced dally ACH file to Include ‘edits, posts; returns, and exteptlons,
+ Updated and tnanaged the finance section ofthe SharePoint slteusIngHTML.
* Prepared forms and manuals for accounting and bookkeeping personnel, and directed thelr
sweork adtlvities, a th peg
* Developed, Implemented, modified, and documented recordkeeping and accounting systems,
Mnaking use of current‘computer technology... we
* Represented cllents before'taxing authorities and provide support during litigation Involving
finanelal Issues... Be ee ate
+ Advised management about [ssues.such as resource ullllzation, tax strategies, and the
_assurnptions underlying budget-forecasts: ... rr ce,
* This ls Dummy Description data, Replace wlth job description relevant.to your currant rote. In
case jf you dont need [t'you can delete lt,
“OTHE Epes Bis ure Template is the copyright of Owikiésime com. Ussye Gubte lings