ROBERT SMITH
Agricultural Engineer
‘Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: Inlo8qwilkresume.con’ I Website: Quilkresume.con, .
errr eee e eee ee eee eee
Worked or capital projects to replace worn machines and improve layout of productio n
lines. Work with APQP Engineers to develop test plans to conduct validation testing of
“new machines to ensure part quality and machine reliability. Create schedules for -
machine replacement. Direct electrical and mechanical contractors to remove and Install
‘machines and modify production lines, Develop muchine specifications for purchase af.
‘new machines Modify machine jigs to improve’ performance,
Designing Skills, Planning Skills, Developing Skills,
Aericulitural Ensineer — .
ADC Corporation - January 1995 - 1995.
Key Deliverables:
= Assured machinery operates efficiently, conduct repoirsand regular maintenance
as equipment requires, . en a
© Provided assistance int all aspects of erop und beef cattle production.
* Destined and formulated farm related nuschinies and structures ta improve overall
efficiency did Gibdeation, :
© Reduced Line to vaceinate cattle ond stress 50% by designing and Installing anew
© Desitnédand fibricuted w20-ton shop press whieh diminished effort nequired to
disissembile /assemble bearkuts, shiraves, ind sprockets on farm equi ponent.
©. Mininuived feed time 16 one Hour'a diy aiid Increadged operiter contlort Via
devising. a bale spear ott pick-up truck, en _
« Implemented ts ongoing and includes the-experiimental scale up af the, system
while malniuilning the economic ylibility,
Agricultural Engineer oo
Delta Corporation - 1991-1995.
Key Deliverables:
«Prepared numerous Now Source Review, Standard Permit, Permit by Rute, and
Tithe ¥ applications for several industries Worked onsite as a temporiry
© Responsible for eooniinittefaind directing the végetatlw crop seed for the
éxpartéion of pirieapple production area of new varleties af frult.
© During my career [have beet! o internal consultasit and external in banana
. production’ projects developped in Costa Riea, Honduras: | 7
« Aide and maintain strict standards ef Keystone foods live bird procedures;
‘ -
oo. 2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York; 13420 :
° Th Free Resume Template the copy right co Quikresaume.cam, Usage Guidelines.