Email: Mallory Quinageal.com, ce 813-786-05S.
Height: 55° Hair Long Brunette
Fyes: Hazel .Voive Range Ale Soprant/Atio We zoHdt
Busch Gardens Stare of Tomorrow Featured Dancer Busch Gardens
MalorLesgueTeam Owner's Conference National Anthers Eololet " Tropkana Siadum
Choreography & Directing:
‘Musto of the Katgnt:
The Songs of Si Andrew Lieyd Welder Choreographer Salome Theater Company
The Wedding Singer Choreographer Floris Academy of Performing Arte
Dawson Dance Academy Reckal 2016 Choreographer Dawaon Dance Academy
’ Allee In Wonderland Ir. Director & Choreographer Dewsen Dance Academy
Training:
‘o Blake High School for the Perfarming Arts: Musical Theatre Major
.o, Kartand DiMarco School of Theatre and Dance: ue
#. Bycars ballet, tap, jazz, company member.
.0. Mary Jo's Perforrring Arts Acadeny: ©
® “2years, pointe & hip hop.
Awards
o 2013: Recipient of "Best Actress in a Musicak Eponine, Les Miscra bles” award, by Plant City Entertainment
0. 2007 State Thespian Competition Suporior Rating: Large Group, My Body fram “The Life”. *
-o° 2008 State Thesplan Competition Superior Rating: Smoll Group, At the Ballet from *A Chonts Une”
_. 2007 Districts Thespian Competition Suparior Rating: Sex ll Group, At the Ballet from *A Chorus Line”
‘2 «62006 Districts Thespian Competition Critics Choice Showease: Large Group, My Body fram “Tho Life’
.9 2005 Districts Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Large Group, Mr. Witherspoon ‘from “Lucky Stiff”
'o. 2006 Districts Thesplan Competition, Superior Rating: Duct, iKnow Him So Woll fram “Chass”
| Special Sicite:
o. Technical Theatre experience (dock crow, spotlight, costumes, sound). _, a ; ;
0. Estensive experlence working with animals from growing up ona horsa farm and employment atan animal
hospital as a veterinary assistant (2yea rs), . . . . ae, .
9. Cortiflod TAGtoach (clicker) instructor, and knowladgeab lo of positive reinfercemnnt trainings for animats .
and hunmans, . . . . . .
.9 Published author of research using positive reinforcement training In performing arts damuins (dance), in:
the Journal of Applicd Bch avior Analysis.
o Writer and creator of The POINTE Program (POsitiva iNTerventions to Enhance the Performa nce of ©
Dancers),
o. Masters in Applied Behavior Analysis :
o. Board Certified Behavior Analyst ~
© Formerly member of advanced bandensembiec for flute and alto saxophone (2001-2004).
-o, Pure Barre Fitness inatructor (employee of Pure Barre Westehase since June of 2014).
‘oO Musical Theater and Dance Instructor (amployoe of Dawson's Dance Academy Westchase sinea June of