‘Community Health Advocate
info@qwikresume.com | LinkedIn Profile | Qwikresume.com
Seeking a: growth-oriented position utilizing current skills'in customer. service and
with the opportunity to expand skills.
EXPERIENCE
i Community Health Advocate
: ABC Corporation - AUGUST 2006 - JULY 2011
i * Established a personal plan focusing on educating health plan’
: members on the benefits of completing required health screenings,
i * Manged health plan’ population through following a standardized call ,
: script to help complete the scheduling of health screenings —__
: © Assisted consumers procession thought the stages of behaviaral
i changes.
i * Able to'empathize; motivates, and encourages people towards
i healthy changes, regardless of cultures rdigion, and economic
: background. a oe .
i * Sclyed complex problems and devdops innovative solutions ta
i meet/exceed.the needs of the health plan. member.
: * Built a strong Understanding of the medical/insurance Industry,
* Communicated by phone in 4 professional and friendly. manner.
: ‘Health Advocate
: .Delta Corporation - 2001 - 2006
i « Per diem position ay a Biometric. Screener, measure vitals, measure.
i glucose and cholestero} |evels by performing capillary puncture,
: * Primary resposiblity to Review claims for members meet criteria on a
: monthly high dollar claims... 7
: * OUF goal is to direct ther to programs foradditicnal assistance 'if-
i needed and to make sure all claims are in accordance with their
: * Being an advocate you can have an Immediate impact by speaking to-
: providers on the members behalf and making sure claims-are
: reconsidered takiigthe; 7
i « Skills Used Interpersonal phone skills, being organized’ making sure
: information was tracked In excel dally , and the health axis.claims
: tracking.
: * My respondbility waste goto haspitals or clinics and talk to people.
: who Would come In To visit or is a patientat the haspital or clinic:
i about, Bo,
: ‘« Advise Doctors and participants about covered procedures and.
benefit under members Insurance plans.
‘® This Eee Resume tamplate |S the copyright of Qwikresume.com, Usage Gukielings