James Marcus
__Jamesareus |
Summary Contact
Accounting professional with good experience in a target driven james_marcus@gmail.com
environment. Proven track record in consistently and committedly 9999999999
ond prot sbi which enhance the company’s credibility New York, United States
—_ linkedin.com/james.marcus
Experience
a Skills
Senior Accounts Executive _?? OO
Sea Gamer Group For Importing And Exporting Financial Planning Bonar
Sep 2018 - Present ; Financial Accounting SES
* Prepared journal entries, complete general ledger operations, Proactive worker Hog
monthly, year-end closings and draw up financial reports. . ;
° Reconcile and maintain balance sheet accounts, ° Public Speaking ae _
© Ensured proper recognition of revenue and expenses for Proficiency in ahahaha
departmental cost center activity. , spreadsheets
* Administer accounts receivable and accounts payable from our Research & Analytical WA AT
banks and treasury. MS Office Boooo
® Handled our account in banks and confirm the balances with
our system. ; Languages
* Assisted preparation and coordination of the audit process —_—_——eeo— oer
implementing and maintaining internal financial controls and English auoue
procedures. . . French ARB
Corporate Accountant Spanish eames
M&M Mining Industry Jan 2076 - Aug 2018
‘e Make special files for each bank separately and include the Education
following (bank statements, bank reconciliation, checkers, TT
‘issuing bank, bank account, etc.) MBA (Finance)
© Preparing bank reconciliation and preparing weekly reports. New York University
. aor st mee Apr 2007 - May 2010
© Preparing daily limits for bank reconciliation.
* Follow up the opening of banking facilities of all kinds and Bachelor In Commerce
conditions and the preservation of documents in the files, University of Florida
©: Issuing letters of guarantee (primary/batch/final) and keeping Mar 2005 - Feb 2007
them in their files.
* Preparation of daily restrictions on the issuance or cancellation Awards
of letters of guarantee. ——.,.J—JTDooo—"
Employee of the Year
Courses Mining Industry 2078-01-05
Diploma In Accounts Referal!
University of California, Los Angeles Aug 2016 - Sep 2017 ——_.vloOOUOUOT”™e«_=
: Will be produced on request
Certified Financial investment
New York University Dec 2015 - Mar 2016