Client Advocate ‘Phone; (123) 456.78 99
. ” . Emalt: Info@qvrikresurne:com
am : A. ; Website; vevequikresure.com
ROB ERT S M IT H. Linkedin:
, WMnkedin-com/qulkresurne:
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabarna,
Objective.
To obtaln position In an innovative and challenging environment where my recavery expertise will
ald In the growth and success of the cornpany.
Skills.
Madical Assessment, Medication Observation, Microsoft Certified Professional, Microsoft, Office
UserSpectaliste’ OT Th ete Se ER ga
Work Experience
Client Advocate
ABC Corporation - March 2015- September 2015.
+ Assisted In the observation,’ supervision and monitoring of cllents Ina residential treatment
‘center. ‘ ;
+ Assisted [nthe dally course of treatment for new and existing clients uhdeF.the direction of
the treatmentteam, we an
+ Managed and cared for detox and dual-dlagnosis clients,
+ Ability ta quickly and safely. de-escalate-cllents In crisis: ; ;
+ Abillty to respond to emergency medical situations Involving clients when necessary.
+ Communicated cllent behaviors to counseling staffcoordinatars,
* . Responded to client Issues according to facility protacol 4nd behavior managernent
‘guidelines ae anne ee ne SE te ge tata nts
Client Advocate:
Keim Center.- 2013 — 2015
* Keep-accurate records of client interactions and follow-up plans;;educate clients on. all
“pregnancy available options.. v mo
+ Provide cllents with pregnancy test and resources needad to have a healthy pregnancy.”
* Follow up with clients to receive birth records and assernble layettes. -
« Conduct pregnancy: test.and assist vith Doppler readings: oan ; .
* Provide education and referrals related to adoption, post-abortion heallng,-social services, and
_othef areas of need, . ee, . . | a
+ Provide education and guidance in the area of abstinence, as well as In the area of fetal
_developrnent and abortion. - , os ; a .
+ Providing'dients with needed material goods such as clothing, cribs, car seats and other baby.
lterhs.;
Education
Bachelors of Businéss Administration In Administration and Management ~ (LeTourneau
University) Sharla elas na eC ne aa ania
© This Free Resume’ Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidell 2