. 9 Dayjob.com, Street Birmingham B18
Awe . 0123 458 7890
=! B in a
t HE @ Facebook.com/your name
CAREER PROFILE
ACCOUNTANT Company name Location Ahighly organized, detail orientated
2015—Present Involved in working within a financial accounting and dependzb/e professional who has
team and responsitle for preparing, examinang, and the abgity to saply her accounting
analyzing accounting records, financial statements, knowledge and experience to a diverse
and other financial reports. Reporting to senior tenge of financial issues. Andrew is a
managers regarding the company's finances, hand-worldng, dedicated and ambitious
5 Accountant who possesses strong
= Reporting to managers on the company's finance. theoretical and practical knowledge of
= Advising on the financial impfications of decttions, generally accepted accounting
= Detecting & preventing company financial fraud. principles. He has a track record of
® Liaising with internal and external auditors. making a direct impact on operations.
ACCOUNTANT Company name Location
2014-2015 Accurately and promptly processing documentstion.
Preparing monthly reconciliztions of balance sheet
accounts. Supporting senior management in specific. PRO SKILLS
investigations Into departmental management
accounts. Dealing with any financial irregularities. Ability to effectively present financial data
and information to all levels.
ACCOURTANT Company name location Knowledge of Bquidity and financal risk
2013-2018 Preparing annual financiat statements. Carrying out monitoring procedures and processes.”
any other accounting related duties as assigned by Being accurste under pressure and can
the Accounting management. Collecting raw financal ne han detaae.
data. Conducting regular business reviews. remain on minute de
Technical knowledge of both national and
ACCOUNTANT =. Company name Location Blobal accounting principles.
2012 ~2013 Developing policy for company treasury. Preparing -
standard acrounting reports and summaries For |
finandal anatysts. Supporting team members on a8 PER SKILLS
accounting issues. Reviewing the compary’s finances.
Always the first to volunteer for difficult
i that other staff may shy = from. -
ACADEMIC Projects seal may shy away
Not afraid to stand up ts wrong doing and if
2006 - 2009 Co details University name decessary prepared to challenge others.
More detaas Never giving up on a task half way through
2004 - 2006 Co details College name and instead always sering it to the end.
More detaas
2000 - 2004 Course details * School name
Maths (A) REFERENCES
English (B) ;
Geography (C) Available on request,