. . ,
ROBERT SMITH
Staff Accountant
‘E-mail: info @qwikresume.com Phone: (0123)-456-789
Professional Staff Accountant with 15 years’ experience supporting CEO/Owners with enviranments such as
Service and Financial industries. Sincere, loyal and dedicated individual/A well-rounded finance
professional with an in-depth understanding of the financial reporting, asset valuations, fund accounting,
budgeting, financial analysis, and other corporate finance ureas. | um available and eager ta apply my
dedication, strang analytical, quantitative and interpersonal skills toa Finance/Accounting position.
nS 6253S
Quickbooks; Excel, Word, Accpac, Powerpoint, Access; Peachtree Accounting, ADP, Paychex
Staff Accountant _
ABC Corpomation - February 2010 - Present.
* Maintaining accounts receivables preparing invoices, posting receipts, credit cant! transactions,
_collectian calls and letters, mnning AVR aging reports und analysis,.
* Maintaining accounts payables matching purchase orders ta the job, posting payables, preparing:
checks for pay ments, calling vendors farcredit adjustments; maintaining credit applications and
limits, collecting lien waivers, collecting and verifying the certificate of insurance, mmning A/P
aging reparts and analysis. . 7 _
«Managing payroll functions collecting, reviewing und entering employees daily time far job casting,
job scarecurd and labor tracking.
* Preparing bi-weekly payroll, making 941, 940, state and city tax depasits.
« . Maintaining employee files, maintaining W-4, MO-4, und 1-9 forms and reporting, maintaining and
reviewing H2B documentation. oo a ;
* . Preparing monthly und quarterly payroll tax reports, verifying und preparing annual payroll tax
retums and W-2s,
* Reviewing all insurance policies annually and cansider additional bids as the need requires.
Accountant
ABC Corpinition - January 2001 — March 2007
* Managed fixed ussets which include entries for capitalizin g, disposing and updating depreciation
schedule alang with FA register,
= Maintained fixed asset schedules and depreciation reports for financial and tax reparting..
« | Maintained all’cash accounts monthly bank reconciliation, line of credit, redit card transactions and
reconciliations and cash thoy projections, Co
© Maintained, reviewed and prepared chily, manthly and annual division und consolidated financial
statements (balance sheet, income statement, and cash f low statement).
= Managed, analyzed and reported to department heads profitability and variances.
© Thiv Fics Roume'Tomm plate is the copyright of Qui rewme com, Usage Guidelines