Health Advocate ‘Phone: (123) 456.78 99
a Emalt: Info@qvrikresurne:com
am : A. ; Website; vevequikresure.com
ROB ERT S M IT H. Linkedin:
, WMnkedin-com/qulkresurne:
Address; 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama.
Objective.
AS a Health Advocate, responsible for Worklng with Heatth Services Coordinator'to, implement the.
following health components throughout WCFD Early Childhood Programs general health, oral.
health, health education, and nutrittori to ensure that’all children and pregnant women receive the
maximum health care as required by the State Statutes & Head Start Performance Standards.
Skills.
Marketing Analyst, Campaign Management, Emall Strategist, Communication..
Work Experience.
Health Advocate
Finger Lakes Community Health- October 2013-20200 | Ce
* Developed, set, and Implemented class curriculums and programs for standalone’and ongoing
classes, “ Be ate aes
* Prepared from middie school ta college, adults; professionals, and parents; .
+ Collaborated with school educators and local agencles ta creaté specific programs to fit the
Needs of students and. cents; © °° * eee co ”
+ .Malftained these relationships to ensure successful prograrnming. moe, .
+ Prepared and completed state reports relating to education and.community outreach for
reproductlye health and Insurance enrolrnent.. re a ne
+ Assisted [ndividuals to enroll in the New York State of Health enroll In Qualified Health Plans
-and assist. eligible Individuals te enroll.in Medicald.: ts ., os
+ Educated the public on the benefits of health |nsurance and what health Insurance provides.
for Individuals and farnilies.
Health Advocate
Delta Corporation- 2008 - 2013
+ Reviewed and adjudicated médical and hospital claims to meet stated contractual deadlines:
for Medicare and Medicald carrlers: “°° 077 ee i
* Malntalned contractual and regulatory quality standards of 92% financlal accuracy and 97% _
“procedural accuracy through Internal systems to |nsuré vs
+ Technical Skills Keystone Mercy Health Plan Internal calms systems, advanced user of
Microsoft Office Products!” © 0 ee
+ Provides all-care support For Individuals with Alzheimers for. thelr farnilles,
+ Plans activities to keep Individuals engaged and excited Provides meal plans and prepares.
food for Individuals Advocates for individuals vdth thelr, -.
+ andtakes them Into consideration vshen it cornes to dlet and exercise. Loe
+ Supervise social acthitles.of dementia and the Alzhalmer dlent, and assist In promoting the
quality of tife In clients. Ces — _ ee
© This Free Resume’ Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suidell 2