Robere Simith Phone (2a 456 78 98
: Ernaill; Infogravdkre sume, com
shic ~rintar / Website 7 yorwscwilkmsurog. com
Senior Accountant - g binkealn: inkedin.com/qvalkresume,
Address: 1737 Marshvilie Road, Alabarna,
SUMMARY
17* years of experience asa Senlor‘Accountant. Looking to.obtaln a position which enables meto
further enhance my Skills In financlal management’and corporate audit policies: and procedures
while utilizing my technical knowledge of system functlonality, stellar customer.service, and ~-
Interdepartrnental collaborative sklits In’an effort ta become a'significant asset to the Unlversity,.
SKILLS
Project. Management Financial Analysis & Reporting Proficient In Microsoft Cffice Excel, Word,
PoverPolnt,: Outlook, and OneNote Customer Service Clear Communication, Strong Work Ethic To
‘Ald In Problem Solving, Strong Knowledge Of Financial Auditing, and Account Management.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior Accountant =
ABC Corporation - February 2005 - Present _ _ .
* Preparing annual operating reports (AOR) as appropriate for federal andéar state ald”
-prograrns, ensuring accuracy and compliance with applicable regulations. - . Lo
* Assisting in the preparation of the final draft version of the Universitys fiscal operatlons report.
and application to partlelpate (FISAP), docurnenting the Unlversitys usage of title iv funds.
an Malntaining, as appropriate, collections activity reports on the federal Perkins loan program
vand responsible for.aversight of related collactions activity. ne
* Analyzing Universitys’ student financlal activity in conjunction with the bursar,. ;
+ [nforming Unlversity stakeholders on any and.all potential-audit risks and compliance
“exposure as It relates to the-administration of Internal’and extemal funds, |
* Maintaining an atmosphere of accuracy, cornpliance and vigilant stewardship of fundsIn
* . Reviews revise and recornmend changes to operational policies and procedures as they relate:
- to accounting, reconcitlation, disbursements;andcashler; (9 7°
Administrative Assistant
ABC Corporation = November 2002 - January 2005:
+. Handled dally assortrnent of Involces forall company vendors and employees.
« Audited employee expense reports. ensuring compliance with company procedures and”
guidelines, . ; . oo
+ Coordinated travel arrangements and prepared expense reparts for employees in
‘salesfinance department, . . . an :
* Greeted and diracted appointments, vendors and office visitors. Ce
- Composed, prepared, edited, and distributed correspondence and other department:
documents. 9°) TE
+ Malntalned conference rooms calendar for 12 heath centers:
* Data entry of MIFS (Multl Purpose information Forms);
EDUCATION
Bachelor Of.Sclence In Psychology - (Walden Univérsity)Assoclate Of Applied Sdence In Law:
Enforcement- (Baltimore Clty Community Colle ge}Diploma-Juns 2007 (Baltimore City Juvenile
Justice Center)
“OTHE Epes Bis ure Template is the copyright of Owikiésime com. Ussye Gubte lings