Accountantlll
“Phone: {0123)-458-789 | Emad: miox@qwkresuma.com | Websaa: Quikresume.com
a
SUMMARY
Datall orlanted, elficient and omantzed Accountant Ill with extansive experiance of 9 years 7h the.
‘accounting system. Possess streng analytical‘and problam-solving skills, with the ability to make:
«well thought ont dacisians, Excallent writen and vacbal communication skills, Highly trustworthy,
discreet and ethical; Resourcotul in ihe completion of projects, etfective at multi-tasking, To obtain
a challenging position in the Accounts Payable or Accounts Raceivable departments to support
CORE COMPETENCIES
Organized, Puncival, Responsible And Reliable, Focused, Detailed And Teamivork Oriented
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Accountant
ABC Corporation - February 2009 ~ May 2014.
Key Doliverables:.
| -« Assisted controlar with month end reconciliation by preparing Journal antdes, AP month
end acerual, reversing ontries, and re-classing entries: |
» - Perlormed account msearch and craated ad-hos reports to assist the controlar with
financial dnalysis,.
« Analyzed AP ‘aging lums ratio and performed a iveekly reviaw of ap aging with controlier
forcash flow projection purposes, SO
« Strategic planning with cenireller for ap check disbusements. basad on vendor terms and
ap turns fatlo to maximize cash flow, ee
‘« Ensurod that AP is migrating towards best Industry practices that will gsnerate higher
elficiency, ‘enhance reporting and improve tracking capabilities,
“© CGollaborated with intemal and axternal auditors in davalcping, maintaining, and enforcing
SOX narrates ta onsure preeer controls are followed tor quarterly and annual audits and
“©: Propared the weekly oporational report which served ds a benchmark lor the Vica
President of opemtions'and other management groups {a review-stralegic organizational
‘Accountant . . .
‘ABC Corporation~ January 1995 — January.2009.
‘Key Deliverables:,
« . Performed monthly consoldation of financial statements and month-end clasings iar
assigned busingss unlts ensuring accurate collection and reporting of data.
=. Porlormed analysis on a manthly basis of balance sheat accounts assigned and rapons
findings to manage mant,
|
. 2959 Oak Sireel. Old Forge, New York, 1420! -
This Eres Resume Template ts the copyrighl of Quikresunie.com. Usage Guidelines