Robert Jobseeker
Wall Lake Arbor Way, Apt. 1017 + Mitchethille. MD 20721 © ($$$) S88-5555
Highly talented and eccompliihat Accoundag professional with exteniive Liowlatye and experience
© Over 32 years of Finume ? Accouming exprrieme. © Adept at fizancial azalyss and reponirg.
© Familixy with accounting reguiziocs xca$ starulards, ¢ Fapericece with AP, AR, GL, anS budgeting.
© Bockpround in corpocate and coargeolit sectors. © Excellera veibal'wriien coaumutscatica skills.
PROFESSIONAL ENPERIENCE
Sealthsoaian lastizution, Waslzeton, DC X03 = 2007
Confroct Accountant
© Carry out setorxilision of miutzte bank agecunts for Office of the Congr oller.
© Review recerds frees 2002 to present to verify accuracy of mew acco ntzeg safiware.
© Responsible fea midti-na Diva dolar secocts, parfornizs manual and sutomsted recoacdemead,
Time Life Ine, Aleundia, VA 1993 ~ 2003
Finanelel Anelyst .
© Prepared mowtbly accounting evtries and performed finaccial analyses foe telemarketing provp's inconce
statements. Compled and deliv ered data Surn phobl offices to eexparate headquarters in New York
© Carried ort quasterly reposting of fixed assets, third-party acquisitions, and riiscellaraces expenses.
© Performed rioceLly closings, analysed general ledger saterserts, and recoociled accouras apsicst budget,
© Assisted with preparation of tudgets gesd foeecants up to $25 millace aad suteuted to mrza office,
© Reduced cuunlet of repucts by ccesolidatieg and combiterg inforrnation. Tracked doseric Gied assets.
The Eurasta Foundation, Washington. DC 1993 = 1998
Senator tccoantant (1993 « 1999)
© Assted Coctoller in perpasing monthly finzccial etatemerds, cxctied cut meethly recomitations of hunk
accourtt, and maistained peneral ledger foe noa-peodit ccgacisation with $10 ccitboa in anmual funding
© Moazétored cath flow, prepared raguited dooamestation to cecute drawdouns ca Federal Roverve Letice
of Credit, essuzed compliance with all {ederal eeguiations,~
© Conducted penadic reviens of financial repects and rated documertation.
© Supervised and trained juice accounting assistant ia axons payee powessing sad offsite fictd review
of performacce practices, Macared ocpsraration’s postal,
© Previously beld position of Staff Acconztart from 1992 = $995,
DGA Iatemational, lee. Washington, OC 1992 «$993
Staff Accountant
© Performed classifscatsce, prepuntzion, processing, and posung of invoices for $6 cullion transportation
compssy, Prepared and distibted all mocthty cient billings.
© Reweciled monthly tack statements, reviewed acd aoptoved all traveleclated advance cequests,
monitored expen resorts and reunbursemeré requests.
© Responsible foe mtintasieg staff tise sheets ead ceeryiz.g out telliy of hours.
EDUCATION AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
BS la Accoantlag, Noth Carolina AGT State University, Geceastero, NC (1993)
Detestizg and Coging with Hot Spots in Payroll
Revisiocs to Gn ecroment Cueculan: AI23 aul Al22
COMPUTFRSRILLS
Windoas, Word, Excel, WordPerfect, ADP, Pay America, MUP acoo-atitg system, PecgleSoft, latemet