Health Advocate -
‘E-mail: infa@rgwikresumccom . Phen ct (0123)-456-749
Responsible for increasing patient engagement through direct member dutreach in the community, Including
in huspitals: sub-acute facilities? long-term care settings, and door ta doar canvassing af eligible patients:
Bealth Education And Promotian, Health Research; Develapment.
ee
Health Advocate
2 - Nati fied parents of accident oz illness and secure med ical care far students in emergency cases:
Administer medications accanding to district policy... ;
« Mentify innasative strategies’ ta enrall patients into the Landmark Heulth program,
te) Develop the selatianship between Landmark and hospital personnel, patients, physicians,’
community: organizations; retirement communities, assisted living, primary: care, and skilled nursing
i Coerdinate meetings with community providers, home health providers, facility discharge planners,
and health plan case managers: including préparation and delivery of presentations,
‘a Uses critical thinking skills to create outreach strategies that are desizned to.maximizé patient
awareness and repistation inte Landmark &rsquys program. ; a
-® ° Leverage reporting and dishboards to prioritize telephonic and field-based outreach to members:
os “Ensured each Barly Head Start pregnant woman receives prenatal care thmugh regular matical care,
and oral health-eximl nation, und prenatal classes;
Health Advocate
‘Delta Corparatian - 3012-2013
© In taining fora health advocate position and able to assist large employer groups with member —
benefits andalsoclaimsiswes:;
. Skills Used Able ta handle aut af the ordinary culls.
te. Routed pmper paperwork to all parties invalved with the care of individuals Comnmnicated ull
* future’ medical, ta include medicine needs ta Hospitals: a
.* - Receises.inbound calls and routes to the camrect individual, inform members .of tests or screenings
e With head start Idid a few different positians.
©) Asat'sub Lassisted the teacher in what was needed ta be donc):
© Switehed to a nutritional aide and helped the cock cooking far? classes mais and transporting the.
food ta the toddler room and helped them with the meals. ;