111 Eastern Street * Carson City, Illinois 60936
555.555.5555 Res * 444.444.4444 Cell * counter@msn.com
-ACCOUNTING MANAGER / COST ACCOUNTANT
Senior accounting professional with demonstrated expertise in manufacturing systems, cost accounting, and
management of general accounting functions. . Superior anatytical skills, practiced at drilling down to
transaction/workflow details in support of process and profitimprovement. Collaborate effectively with business
managers to resolve variances, refine forecasts, and identify opportunities for improvemant. Excollent communicator,
fluent In French and Creole. Computer proficient in SAP, Avantis, Agris, PTS, Infinium, Monarch, IBS, and MS Office.
Additional areas of expertise include: :
* Budgeting & Planning * Financial Analysis * Standard Cost Analysis
* Project Management « ERP Systems « Variance Analysis
* Inventory Management * Trend Analysis * Inventory Management
_CC(‘(CMPROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 00000
PLANT ACCOUNTANT AuG 1999 — PRESENT
THE Company + Carson Cry, IL
An altiance between DuPont and Foods Limited to bring mare great tasting, nutritious soy-foods lo the marketplace.
Produces revenues of $800M and employs 3,000.
Maintain full charge of all accounting functions for company’s second largest plant including Cost Accounting,
Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, General Ledger, Financial Reporting, Fixed Assets, Inventory Control, and
Payroll. Manage staff of 5 and control $1.5M capital project. Work closely with business managers to review costs,
reconcile variances and identify areas for productivily and cost improvement.
« Perform comprehensive variance analysis and determine root-cause for each significant varlance.
« Examine standard costs against actuals to identify process inefficiencies, improvement opportunities and low-
profit products. ; ‘
* Key contributor to annua! budget process, working with various department heads to review historical
activities, trends, and future obligations. ‘
* Recognized for saving plant approximately $500K due to better identification of product flow that resulted Ina
change in accounting methodology.
* Manage month-end closing cycle. Organized processes and procedures to support 40% reduction in month-
end close from 5 to 3 days.
e Key member of SAP implementation team for Standard Cost, AP and GL/Financial Reporting modules.
¢ Teamed with internal auditor and Controtlor to revise internal inventory reporting processes resulting In
reconciliation of ongoing variance affecting 8 plants. Documented reconciliation process In support of best
practices. ‘
* Managed physical inventory process and identified warehouse layout improvements that increased efficiencies
and alignment with financial ledgers. ; ‘ ,
* Oversee Accounts Payable operating and approval process to support production of over 150 checks weekly.
Authorized check signer, approve all wire transfers over $iM.
* Reconcile inventory at multiple foreign and domestic warehouses and adjust journal entrles to balance general
ledger with perpetual inventory system. Implemented and set up inventory supplies for automatic reorder
point. ; i
¢ Determine plant Use Tax liability through self-assessment; prepare Retailer's Occupation & Use tax returns.
Automated plant tax reporting systems, ; ;
EDUCATION
Manchester College, North Manchester, Indiana
Bachelor of Arts, Accounting + 1999