e
Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road,
* Alabama
Junior Accountant, Intern (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Junior Accountant Intem with 3 years of experience is seeking a challenging SKILLS
position that will enable growth while utilizing my existing skills in Microsoft Excel, Great
Accounting. Commercial Collections, Customer Service, Data Management Plains, Crystal Rep,
and related areas. Opera, Microsoft Office,
Banking, Accounts
WORK EXPERIENCE Receivable, Account
. Reconciliation, Accounts
Junior Accountant, Intern Payable, Human
Vision Group Holdings - September 2015 ~ Present Resources, Fin, Eysite,
Responsibilities: Collections, Supervisor,
* Reviewing operation room fogs and entering correct inventory into order Manager
in Microsoft Great Plains.
= Confirming all patients on logs received services and all patients who
received services are present on logs. LANGUAGES
* Investigating and resolving any discrepancies with operation room logs English (Native)
or revenue received from services. French (Professional)
* Posting revenues by verifying and entering transactions from surgical Spanish (Professional)
center deposits.
» Posting customer payments by recording cash, checks, and credit card INTERESTS
transactions.
* Reviewing and determining if patients accounts require debit or credit Climbing
memos. Then entering the memos accordingly. Coonan
« Reviewing the refund requests, determining if the refund is required and Reading
all proper documentation is submitted.
Account Reconciliation Specialist/ Account Opening, Closing REFERENCES
& Maintenance Specialist
Genspring Family Offices - April 2015 - September 2015 Nowa - 1 (Company
Responsibilities: Reference - 2 (Company
= Reviewed and reconciled the assigned accounts daily using information Name)
stored in Advent Axys, via three specific processes.
» Assisted in the development of check and balances procedure to ensure
partnership valuations are recorded timely and accurately,
* Resolved client specific inquiries and provided informational backup or
support to LFO client service teams.
= Responsible for meeting month-end closing for all client files in advent
in order to produce timed statements.
° Inputted and reviewed all transactions to ensure accuracy and clarity of
coding for the client.
* Reviewed all information for account closing process, to ensure proper
documentation and information was presented.
* This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant
to your current role, In case if you dont need it you can delete it.
© This Free Resume Jemplate is the copyright of Qwikresume.com, Usage Guidelines