E-Mai istant tomati
-Mail Assistant — Automation of E-Mail Handling
. . .
and Management using Robotic Process Automation
Arpit Khare Sudhakar Singh Richa Mishra
Department of Electronics and Department of Electronics and Department of Electronics and
Communication Communication Communication
University of Allahabad University of Allahabad University of Allahabad
Prayagraj, India Prayagraj, India Prayagraj, India
arpitkhare33 @gmail.com sudhakar@allduniv.ac.in richa_mishra@allduniv.ac.in
Shiv Prakash Pratibha Dixit
Department of Electronics and King George’s Medical University
Communication Lucknow, India
University of Allahabad pdkgmu@gmail.com
Prayagraj, India
shivprakash@allduniv.ac.in
Abstract—tn this paper, a workflow for designing a bot using Considering the situation of a business owner, it is quite a
Rabotic Process Automation (RPA), associated with Artificial tedious task to handle the jobs/internship application
Intelligence (AI) that is used tor information extraction, performed through email communication. Therefore,
classification, etc., is proposed. The bot is equipped with many —_—_ automation in this service is of utmost essential so that the
features that make email handling a stress-free job. It © working population in the world can be free from the
automatically login into the mailbox through secured channels, —_ irrelevant workload of managing their mailboxes. Hereby, we
distinguishes between the useful and not useful emails, classifies propose the approach for building an E-mail Assistant that is
. i nn while he/she works on the othcr important aspects of running
relevant directories. It moves the not useful emails into the his/her busi It st tine ti sorting th h th
trash, Further, the bot can also be trained to rename the ns er Dusiness, It stops was ng Ime sorting Mroug ©
attached files with the names of the sender/applicant in case of inbox, addition, deletion, £ te. Further, these problems fall
a job application for the sake of convenience, The bot is designed under the category of finding similar substructures problem
and tested using the UiPath tool to improve the performance of | Which is an NP-complete problem [5] in nature and needs an
the system. The paper also discusses the further possible _&fficient algorithm to solve the exponential order problem.
functionalities that can be added on to the bot, The emergence of artificial intelligence (Al) in the former
Keywords—E-Mail Automation, Artificial Intelligence (AD, cra has changed the process of handling business related to the
Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Expert Systems, Virtual use of machines ; nstead of a human being he nee using robotic
Assistant, UiPath. process automation (RPA) [6]. This paradigm shift not only
supports organizations but also increases profit by reducing
I. INTRODUCTION waste. Likewise, new customer registration requires several
Electronic mail also well-known as email or e-mail since checks and information. This whole process can be changed
1993 is basically used to exchange digital information among into a series of tasks where robot system can be trained and
recipients [1]. The present email technology has three parts repeated over the relevant systems [7]. So now this whole
the message envelope, the message header, and the message process can be managed by the robots for 24x7 perfectly and
bod y “hae wpe deprived of any error. This technology is different from other
ody [2]. The common web-based email services include Avr
Gmail, Outlook, Hotmail, Yahoo! Mail, etc. [3]. As per the Sectors, fre quent repetition of the process can be treated
consumer email survey conducted on Adobe's consumers in oper ation-intensive, where employees are not needed to take
2018, office workers check their electronic mail account onan —-(MMtlatve, are subjective to a rule with already established
i . standards [6].
average of 2.5 hours each day [4]. When it comes to work-
related e-mails, the average human being spends more than 3 The proposed bot is designed using UiPath [8], a robotic
hours a day. That is a huge amount of time spent on repetitive process automation (RPA) tool [9]. It is equipped with the
communication instead of actual creative work [4]. Emails are following features to make email handling a stress-free job. It
the leading element in all official communications with nearly automatically login into the mailbox through secured channels
86% of business professionals choosing emails as their and distinguishes between useful and not useful emails based
preferred mode of communication [4]. As per a survey [4], on the provided keywords. It classifies the mails into different
90% of consumers check their email during office hours, —_dircctorics c.g., Work (for work-related cmails, CV, Resumes)
while 9% check their emails constantly. Also, 85% of | and Reccipts (for Bills and Invoices), It downloads the
consumers check their email before getting to work, and more — attachments (if any) from the classified emails, creates
than 25% do so as soon as thcy wake up on the bed [4]. different directories for different categories, and stores the
downloaded files into the relevant directories. It moves the not
useful mails into the trash. This bot can also be trained to
©2022 IEEE. Personal use of this material is permitted, Permission from IEEE must be obtained for all other uses, in any current or future media, including
reprinting/republishing this material for advertising or promotional purposes, creating new collective works, for resale or redistribution to servers or lists, or
reuse of any copyrighted component of this work in other works.
Citation:
A. Khare, $. Singh, R. Mishra, S. Prakash and P, Dixit, "E-Mail Assistant - Automation of E-Mail Handling and Management using Robotic Process
Automation,” 2022 International Conference on Decision Aid Sciences and Applications (DASA), 2022, pp. 511-516, doi:
10.1109/DASA54658.2022.9765017.
URL: https://doi-org/10.1109/DASA54658.2022.9765017
rename the attachment files with the names of the the classification of PDF text to extract the information from
sender/applicant in case of a job application for the sake of publications or reports using Information Extraction (IE)
convenience. The bot is tested on several test emails to verify | systems. Authors designed a text classification method that
its proper functioning. automatically classifics PDF text into title, abstract, main
The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Section two content, semi-structured, and metadata categories. Automatic
. . : ° p classification of email messages into different
consists of a review of related works. Section three describes fold rsh dite ctories is an open and Ghallenging problem
the design of the proposed E-Mail Assistant. Testing of the P : : , 4
designed bot is carried out in Section four. Finally. ‘Section particularly for the machine learning algorithms. Tam et al.
five concludes the paper with the scope of future works [17] used supervised leaming algorithms for organizing
pap P ° emails into different folders automatically. They discussed the
Il, RELATED LITERATURE problems due to the oneal semantics applied by the users.
. . e meaning of the different folders varies from person to
Presently advanced technologies transformed the business person which is an obstacle for learning methods. Further, as
enich ¢ into automate 4 Pane using the software robots the number of emails being received is increasing, efficient
Which are based on pre ie atl a gorithms, Condle At Itean automatic foldering is getting essential [18]. Brailes and Meek
were the first to analyse email classification as the
“robotic process automation” which leads to organizational Coble of text classification An extensive study was carried
(ucluding coetne coave ey ovouteally ‘nadine to the out in Po) on the email foldering problem using the Enron
F . > ‘orpus ataset.
foundation ofa hybrid workforce [10]. npus [21]
Several techniques have been developed for automating E prcuze ct al. [22] proposed the idea ore lligent email by
" applyin to email. They considered the user-oriente
Mail system and enabling it with smart features. Email spam, approach and applicd the concepts of machine Icarning and
also known as junk mal is one oF the most teavous issues. NLP (natural language processing) to propose intelligent
any times vahd and relevant emails are received in the spam ~— email and defined it as an intelligent system for supporting
[11]. The huge number of incoming emails is another email interfaces. Dalli et al. [23] designed an Adaptive
problem, users waste a lot of time and energy in the efforts of Information Management (AIM) service to be used in a voice-
identifying relevant and useful emails. To avoid this problem, based Virtual Personal Assistant (VPA). The AIM service is
emails need to be categorized and labeled based on the inside consisting of three components: an email summariser, email
information, so that users can identify the useful emails even —cateporiser, calendar scheduling, and an adaptive
before opening them [11]. Alsmadi and Alhami [11] proposed prioritisation service.
a machine learning-based solution to predict the real sender of a oo.
a mail by training the model using some training mails from _ The proposed approach uses similar functionalities as
the past. This approach provided a good accuracy to the discussed above to integrate into one software robot using
prediction but still, the identification of real scnder was | RPA. The frequency of emails per day even in a mid-size
trapped in the probabilities of machine learning models. The organization is large enough and needs a storage of huge size.
uncertainties of identification cannot be implemented in real- The recent technological developments can manage big data
life business problems, as it could lead to some hazardous [24] so that the massive email traffic can be handled
situations for a business owner. The amount of work efficiently. Segregation of emails can be done into different
performed to just identify the sender is also not feasible. Thus, groups and the responses can be sent by the RPA based
there is a requirement of'a technique to perform this task with Solution while the critical ones not assigned in any group can
full accuracy and the least effort. be controlled by the particular personnel. Increased workload
. . on users demands more efficient works for responding the
R The: hyporhesis of the study is that the Case Based query. There are other aspects also which need to be
‘ablem é , elon 4 ond hie. oh ane to Ny va ‘be recognized like tagging and prioritizing of incoming emails,
problem of email overload and this can be analyzed by moving these emails to other locations, its labeling and,
ane the cm data sets. vt Stiows that it mapped the sending emails at scheduled time or in a particular context,
orthcoming queries by using analogous prior queries an also to the right recipient. RPA is an evolving technique that
reprocessing the responses [12]. Email management requires ses software and algorithmic programmed systems which act
significant efforts from ef cena processing: The wind as mumans for the suppor of proficient business processes. ‘
: : ar c eads to a decrease in the cost of human resource-relate
: ; . “Ne ercent .
end systems for generation of short email responses ¥ P . , ;
automatically [14]. Moreover, it also gives an idea on RPA RPA is highly used in industry but also an attractive field
which is a software-based solution completely. For instance of research in the scientific domain. Ribeiro et al. [26]
imitating human activities in a sequential way that leads to _—sinvestigated the contribution of RPA tools with Al for the
meaningful action, without any kind of human intervention is improvement of ERP-related processes. Authors in [27] have
referred as Robotic Process Automation [15]. It can also focused on the gap between the virtual assistant and
provide important data on email classification along with | recommendation system in the view of various technological
utilizing natural language processing and data mining aspects for designing a conversational system. Enriquez et al.
activities, Spam detection, etc. [11]. Furthermore, the social [28] presented a systematic mapping study on RPA based
behaviors of the users are used to determine a novel email research and development in the scientific and industrial
classification method for enterprises. domain. A systematic literature review is carried out in [9] on
. . . . . RPA. An assessment framework derived from this literature
problem in the EMail gyetean Bui ef a 1 Tie] have addroveed review is also presented, All these works show the importance
and pertinence of RPA which needs to be explored and applied — which tends to attain the envisioned task of segregating the
in the different domains to design the efficient bot. emails.
The bot has become a commonly used automation system 3) Email Logger: It records each and every email with
for large-scale scientific computing besides data-intensive __its lot of information (sender, recciver, timestamp) along with
applications. Each bot is typically linked with a deadline of __ its batch ID respectively.
exccution to guarantee the Quality of Service (QoS) such as 4) Ingestion Layer: This layer constitutes the emails
security, flow-time, reliability, and trust, etc, and low QoS _ present in the email logger which consist of'a header, subject,
typically imposes penalties, however, the provider of services and body i.e. content. It has a unique ID for each email.
may charge users based on user demand and QoS parameters 5) Web Scraping: It deals with the extraction of email
obtained [29]. Further, the applications of the bot in real-life body content which preserves the unique ID. It appends the
problems [26]-[28] are such as the loop bounds are known her inf ti lated t iL. Information stored in thi
during compile-time, data-flow computation, and various other in Ormation related 10 Eman’. Information stored in this
numerical algorithms e.g. Gaussian elimination, Fourier 44t@ format is allowed and prepared for analysis in the
transform, and its variants. Moreover, RPA which is used in 4nalyzing module.
bot has many benefits in automation of organization and
business methods associated with advances of artificial
intelligence methods, algorithms, tools, and techniques which Se eee EEE tg mail box
allows improved accuracy, precision, and execution of RPA = : 5
methods to extract the information in classification,
regression, recognition forecast, and optimization. a
<>
III. PROPOSED DESIGN OF THE E-MAIL ASSISTANT PS
The E-Mail Assistant would have the following
functionalities and features.
e A secured robot that could login to the system when a
allowed to do so.
e Identify the senders without manually checking on [Ss = 2) Ss os Idemtify
devices. Reply Reply All__forward | bene Celete sits
e Save the user’s time by not opening the mails from Dates | ener
advertising agencies/companies, Subjects
e Increase the user’s convenience by classifying the em
mails into various categories.
¢ Download the attachments if any automatically
without human intervention. Categorizing = dl Discarding the ap
¢ Classify the downloaded attachments into two folders the E-Mails ompany mas
— Useful and Not Useful.
e Inside the Useful folder, further classify them into rt
various folders like — bills, resume, offer letter,
Fig. 1 depicts the system design of the proposed E-Mail
Assistant. It also shows the order of different activities 8.
erformed by the bot. The bot is designed and implemented [ae —o- re an :
using the UiPath tool on Window’s operating system.
UiPath is an RPA platform for the end-to-end high-scale §
automation. This tool offers solutions for the enterprises to har]
automate the repetitive tasks of offices for rapid business Way Downloading the attachments of the mails
transformation. Using it, one can convert tedious and ig
annoying tasks into an automation process using multiple
utilities [8]. The main components of these tools are (i) a fr Classifying the attachments (like resume, finance
native email application server, (ii) an email processor engine, WO bills. etc.) and saving them in scnarate folders
and (iii) an analyzing module. It works effectively due to its ig
independent and integrated issues. The main part is to
categorize the incoming emails a long with its segregation and eek Categorizing the resumes according to the post applied for
gencrate an autoreply to all the important cmails. ie =, a . (like Data Analyst, HR, Advertising Manager, Digital
1) Native Email Application Server: It has a public ae Marketing Director etc.) and saving them in scparate folders
inbox that receives incoming emails from exterior to the rt
environment. These emails arc referred to an Email Logger.
2) Email Processor Engine: This engine comprises of ~
the Email Logger, Ingestion Layer, Web Scraping, Data . . |
Enrichment Module, RPA Algorithm, and Segregated Mail "8: !- System Design.
Router. All of these modules execute in an integrated fashion
6) Data Enrichment Module: This module deals with IV. WORKFLOW EXECUTION AND TESTING
the removal of irrelevant and noisy features from the emails The UiPath version-2019.10.1 (free edition) was installed
that optimizes the size of the emails, on the Windows 10 operating system running on the machine
7) RPA Algorithm: It compriscs a protocol with email —_ with 64-bit Intel(R} Corc(TM) i5-8250U CPU @ 1.60GHz
services in which IDs of email class labels are assigned for | and 8 GB RAM. The objective of testing is to demonstrate that
every email to direct them respectively. the bot is working properly with the functionalities specified.
8) Segregated Mail Router: This module directs the a
autoreply to the respective email ids. This system segregates Properties Hiiinniirniininninnncntens AE
the inbound email into a local folder according to the topic of ViPath. Mail IMAP Activities. GetIMAPMailMessages
discussion and decisive action can be taken further. It also DisplayName Get IMAP Mail Mes[=]
consists ofa prediction module that does feature selection and a meus [Specifies the o [J
its representation of the content of the emails which can MailFolder [anboe Lal
predict the probable responses to the emails one by one using Port ee |
the permitted response and cluster. Server | *imap-amaite [|
There are many email activities available in UiPath 5 tegon —_—_—_———_.
. . Email { email EJ
software and each one is based on the different protocols to | Password [pass [a]
be used like Internet Message Access Protocol (IMAP), Post 1 Mise ——
Office Protocol version 3 (POP3), Simple Mail Transfer | Private o
Protocol (SMTP), Exchange, and Outlook. In the proposed |] Options
bot, IMAP is used. In the UiPath, the DeleteMessages O
“GetIMAPMailMessages” mail message activity is MorkAsRead O
configured first. It is configured with the Mail Folder name, OnlyUnreadMessages O
“qe SecureConnection Auto
Port number, Server name, email-id, and password. Top a
Gencrally, the mail folder name is “Inbox”. If the robot is ' Output —
being configured with a Gmail account, then port number 993 | Messages joup ss La J \
is used in most cases. For a Gmail account, the server’s name # Properties | “= Outline Eg Objects
is “imap.gmail.com”. Email-id and password can be provided
through the window’s credential manager [30]. It is also —~2lCq=91911090—_ rT
possible to sct the number of emails which is exccuted by the ‘ lomtsincistaeaentatntectewre | ———_—_—_ TT
robot in one go. The output argument of this | |UiPath Mail Activities SaveMallAttachme rts ce
. ” . a : | i&Common i
List<MailMessage>. This output can be stored in any 1 Input |
variable, say “output_mail”. Further, the list of unwanted | FolderPath | The futt poth of [.]
mail senders which are already known can be also provided Message The Maitmessac |. |
through an excel sheet, so the mails received from those will A Mise
be considered not useful. I. Private a) |
Options
Emails are classified into various categories like | Filter [ Represents ares [... |
bills/invoices, resumes, etc. on the basis of some keywords. © Output _ |
To download and save the attachment at the destined foldcr, Attachments The retrieved at [..]
the Save attachments activity is used and provided with the |
Folder Path i.e., the path of the folder where the attachments
are intended to get downloaded, and also provided with each
mail from the List<MailMessage>. The robot is trained to
open each downloaded file one by one and recheck the |
information given in it. It identifies the useful attachments.
The definition of useful attachments can be modified as per |
the user’s requirements. In this paper, the following definition | | Properties | E> Outline ER Objects
is used — If any document contains the following keywords:
resume, cv, bill, ete. it is classified to be useful, Further, the Fig.2. Configuration of “Get MAPMailMessages” activity
useful attachments are classified into various folders as per
the above keywords. The windows activities can be used to
train the robot to rename the attachment files to appropriate
names if the application demands to do so in the real world.
The various parameters used in the activity are shown as
screenshot in Fig, 2 and described in TABLE I.
The procedure discussed above to design the proposed E-
Mail Assistant can be represented in the form of the algorithm
as shown in Algorithm 1.
TABLE |. PARAMETERS USED IN THE ACTIVITY
the user are automatically sent to the trash. We can extend this
The amount of time (in milliseconds) activity should be classification to other categories like Spam or any other
TimcoutMS allowed to wait before giving an crror message, in case desired label. Meanwhile, the emails may contain a few
ofan ela aa bee woke 7 attachments. The bot makes the user’s task easier and makes
MailFolder | pe the working directory for them free from opening the emails exclusively. It downloads
A “The port number on which the robot should receive the the attachments and then classifies them into many folders
ort emails. bascd on the keywords by doing altogether these tasks
‘The server's name from which the emails should be repeatedly. At this time, the bot makes these folders and then
erver Me . ae . : .
extracted (“imap.gmail.com”), _ - stores the downloaded attachments in the appropriate folders.
The email id of the user ean be given at the run ime | The Control via different criteria is important for the users to
ace The password for the email id of the uscr can be given contro] the bot using different implementations,
Password at the run time through Window’s Credential manaper, A Performance Evaluation
top | The number of emails that should be taken into work . ‘ . .
starting from the top). Various QoS (Quality of Service) parameters for the
The variable in which all the messages are stored. effectiveness of the Email Automation Robot are measured as
follows. Efficiency: The ratio of valuable work performed by
the bot. Time consumption: Time taken by the bot to process
- - —— and throughput. Accuracy: A state of the bot to be precise.
Algorithm 1, Algorithm of proposed E-Mail Assistant Precision: The Precision indicates how precise (accurate) the
Configure the Get IMAP mail message activity model of the bot is.
Give permission to the robot from the google account by .
canpwing access of less Sear as naner with email-id and To assess the efficacy of the system, a Gmail account has
password eS ENE EDN ONE been used whercin the incoming cmails were read and replied
output_mail = List<MailMessage> to using two cases.
For each mail-in output_mail repeat . . . .
if is_important(mail) 1) CASE I — Email processing without the rohot (i.e.
_ open the mail . . manually): In the study published in Harvard Business
Classify the mail into various categories based on some Revi : b th :
keywords eview [31], it was observed that an average American
Download the attachment file spends approximately 78 seconds on an email. This sums up
Classify the attachment into important and non-important to taking 702 seconds to process 9 emails
Classify the important attachments into folders: Bills, .
Resumes, Invoices, ete. 2 — E-mai i Wi Le
Classify the Resume files, into cligible and not cligible 2) CASE Il — E-mail processing with the robot (ie.
candidates automation): Tasks like opening the email by user’s
Rename all of them with the sender’s name, designation, ercdentials, looking over the reecived email, choosing
and date of application important emails, reading the email’s content, and respondin,
Sending a mail to all eligible candidates to call for an p ~ i 6 ata P . 16
intervicw (optional) to the emails personally are done by hand in Case | while in
End Case II, the bot does the same for the user deprived of any
Several Gmail account holders were requested to send _ kind of human involvement. It has been found that itis tough
emails of different types with subjects containing keywords for a user to read and segregate all the emails incoming into
like “bills”, “invoice”, “role” etc. Each such email also the inbox, also classify the unwanted and annoying emails,
contains an attachment of miscellaneous types. As soonasthe and respond to all the important emails scparatcly.
bot is being executed, it starts performing classification ofthe Nonetheless when the user uses the email automation, in
mails on the basis of the above-defined keywords into two which the email is segregated and categorized specifically
folders! raeels esas ve Work and Receipt. Ao, phe bot according to the list automatically when it gets entered into
creates different folders in the loca! machine tor downloading the inbox. It can be efficiently compared to the first case
the files attached with the incoming mails, and thus downloads deprived of the automation which rcquircs the least
the attachments into the two different folders Work and : at fil for th k 4 b fe d
Receipt. The screenshot of the main workflow with the volvement of the user for the work to be performe
different componcnts of this bot is shown in Fig. 3. manually.
The inbox page of the test email-id received the emails 3) Time Consumption: With reference to Case 1, it has
which are from various contacts and of various categorics | been observed that manual work increases in absence of
(e.g.- Receipts, Resume, Bills, etc.). All these incoming emails | automation which enhances time consumption. At the same
are the input to the test cases. In the next step of workflow time, there is a need to read all the emails, segregate and
execution, the bot is allowed to handle all the unread emails respond accordingly. Case II is significantly less time-
of the inbox. The bot a oh ided with fe following consuming in comparison to the process done without RPA.
instructions: move the emails wit the! cyword “Resume in There are certain factors like the number of recciving cmails,
the subject to the folder/label “Work”, similarly, the emails the extent of the contents present in subject and body, and
with the keyword “Bill” or “Invoice” to the folder/label ize of th hed fil he 1 k ‘ hich d y 2
“Receipt”. Note that, these emails are not automatically !2¢ of the attached tiles that play a key role which determine
categorized by the classification algorithms of Google in how much time will be consumed in completing the task in
Gmail. Instead, it is performed on the basis of the instructions both cases. In Fig. 4, we can see that it took our bot 75
given to the bot allowing it to customize the classification. | seconds to handle 9 emails with attachments and in
Also, the emails which are considered to be not important for
classifying the attachments, whereas for an average human to some mistakes due to human errors in reading or
being it took 702 seconds to perform the same task. understanding the class of the email, this makes the accuracy
4) Accuracy: The accuracy level is determined by how of the process to be reduced, While, when this process is done
. ; . . . . by an RPA bot, then the probability of misclassification of an
many emails are appropriately classified in the designated : : se
directory/folder for that email. In Case I, when the attachment file that is working on the keywords basis is
ory : . an almost nil, this makes Case II’s process of RPA bot much
classification process is donc by a human being, it may Icad .
more effective.
| Output essence
rocess tith An Twin | (O10; p=
Pec Sengton @TA 0, O 4, © u | © wes
[Additional information (e.g, author, contact information and applications involved and required external setup)} | sea rch
| © Debug started for file: EmaitAutomation
@ BlankProcess execution started
Read configuration file and initiafize @ Processing unread mail: 1
0) applications used in the process. @ Process Complete
Start © Processing unread maith 2
D a ® Process Complete
0 © Processing unread mail: 3
Gatem bce © Process Complete
© Processing unread mail: 4
Successful @ Process Complete
t © Processing unread mail: 5
@ Process Complete
End Pr 5
o = F1 Get Transaction Data © Processing unread mail: 6
End process and Get the next transaction to be @ Process Complete
alate ns used. processed. © Processing unread mail 7
© Process Complete
’ D ad © Processing unread mail: 8
2 a o> © Process Complete
No Data ; © Processing unread mail 9
oP, System Exce... @ Process Complete
ilesTaned. © BlankProcess execution ended in: 00:01:15
eve Tran: oe
Fig. 4. Exccution time for RPA bot to process 9
$c] Process Transaction Business Exe-y emails
Process a single transaction. Suchess
The result of the processing can be:
1) Success, 2} Business Exception, 3)
System Exception,
In the case of a system exception,
the transaction can be
automatically retried,
C3) al
Fig. 3. Workflow of the Robot
V. CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK security threat. The workflow execution and testing have been
This paper deals with the automation of E-Mail handling done on several test emails, and tis found fo be working as
and management. The automation gives relief from logging P&T the functionalities defined. Using the windows activities,
: ‘os . ran the robot can be trained to rename the attached files of emails
into the system for inbox management. Regarding this, it to the desired +f th licati ds to d in th
proposes a simple and novel workflow to design an Intelligent O the desired names It ine application needs to Co so In re
E-Mail Assistant using UiPath, an RPA tool. The robot real world, For example, it can rename the resumes like
provides a good Icvel of comfort to its uscrs with the equipped <candidatc_name>_ highest_qualification>_<apptication_¢
functionalities. It automatically and securely login into the ate> etc. A 'so, i can send mail to the eligible candidates wit
mailbox, classifies and sub-classifies the emails based on an interview call,
essential keywords. It automatically downloads the Moreover, this bot can be made more intelligent and robust
attachments and stores them in different folders respective to by machine learning approaches for classifying, processing
the classified emails. It can also rename the attached files the downloaded images using image processing algorithms,
according to the requirements. The bot does not override and many more. The bot can be trained to scan the image using
human commands/actions to counter the issue of any kind of — an optical character reader (OCR) and to perform
classification based on scanning, which will free up the robot Banks to Absorb COVID-19s Impact Through New Emerging
from relying on the subject entered by the sender and Technologies and Strategies for Competitive Advantage,” in EE
evaluating the file being sent. Further, it can be also trained to Collaboration Technologies und Strategies for Competitive
: . : : vantage Amid Challenging Times, 1GI Global, 2021, pp. 50-75.
send responses and take actions on the basis of Incoming ft6] D. D. A. Bui, G. Del Fiol, and §$. Jonnalagadda, “PDF text
emails. For example, training it to respond to a mail regarding classification to leverage information extraction from publication
a meeting by checking the schedule in the owner’s online reports,” J. Biomed. Inform., vol. 61, pp. 141-148, Jun. 2016, doi:
calendar, and suggesting some alternate time if the user is 10.1016/,jbi.2016.03.026. . ; ;
already engaged in other meetings during the mentioned time —-‘([17]_—_T. Tam, A. Ferrcira, and A. Lourengo, “Automatic foldering of
: : : ste email messages:a combination approach,” in Lecture Notes in
in the received email, will increase the level of comfort of the Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial
user. Also, for the emails containing bills and receipts, Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics), 2012, vol. 7224
payment can be done instantly if the user allows the bot to LNCS, pp. 232-243, doi: 10.1007/978-3-642-28997-2_20.
handle this task too, considering the security issues preferred [18] __—_S. Whittaker and C. Sidner, “Lmail overload: exploring personal
by the user. information management of email,” in Conference on [Human
Factors in Computing Systems - Proceedings, 1996, pp. 276-283,
On the other hand, one of the key challenges is RPA doi: 10.4324/9781315806389-24. ; .
maintenance, as user interfaces may change more frequently, [9] J. D. Brutlag and C. Meck, “Challenges of the Email Domain for
. . Text Classification,” Proceedings of the Seventeenth International
whereas RPA change, sometimes the RPA reconfiguration is Conference on Machine Learning, 2000. .
a challenging issue. Therefore, RPA bot optimization willbe [20] R. Bekkerman, A. McCallum, and G. Iluang, “Automatic
performed as suggested in the future direction. Further, the Categorization of Email into Folders : Benchmark Experiments on
scope for UiPath can be extended to imaginable boundaries Enron and SRI Corpora,” 2004. .
with different optimization and machine learning techniques. (2!) —_—8. Klimt and Y. Yang, “The enon corpus: A new dataset for email
classification research,” in Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence
(Subseries of Lecture Notes in Computer Science), 2004, val. 3201,
ACKNOWLEDGMENT pp. 217-226, doi: 10.1007/978-3-$40-301 15-8. 22,
The authors are indebted to the Mae Fah Luang University [22] M. Dredze er al., “Intelligent email: Aiding users with Al,” in
for supporting the free registration in this conference. Proceedings of the National Conference on Artificial Intelligence,
2008, vol. 3, pp. 1524-1527.
SEER ENCE (23) A. Dalli, Y. Xia, and Y. Wilks, “FASIL email summarisation
REFERENCES system,” in COLING 2004: Proceedings of the 20th International
0] C. Liithje and F. Thicle, “Communication Moods-Emails in Conference on Computational Linguistics, 2004, pp. 994-es, doi:
scholarly communication,” SCM Stud. Commun. Media, vol. 9, no. 10.3115/1220355.1220498,
3. pp. 367-393, 2020. [24] S. Singh, P. Singh, R. Garg, and P. K. Mishra, “Big Data:
(2] N.S. Scott ef al., “CPC's 50th Anniversary: celebrating 50 ycars Technologies, Trends and Applications,” Jnr. J. Comput. Sci. Inf.
of open-source software in computational physics,” Comput. Phys. Technol. vol. 6, no. 5, pp. 4633-4639, 2015.
Commun., vol. 252, p. 107269, 2020. [25] V. Leno, A. Polyvyanyy, M. Dumas, M. La Rosa, and F, Maggi,
[3] E. Milne, Email and the Everyday: Stories of Disclosure, Trust, “Robotic process mining: vision and challenges,” Bus, \& Inf. Syst.
and Digital Labor. MIT Press, 2021. Eng., vol, 63, no. 3, pp. 301-314, 2021.
[4] G. Abromovich, “Study: Contrary To Popular Belicf, Email Is [26] J. Ribeiro, R. Lima, T. Eckhardt, and S, Paiva, “Robotic Process
Alive And Well,” 2018. . Automation and Artificial Intelligence in Industry 4.0 - A
{5] S. Chakravarthy, A. Venkatachalam, and A. Telang, “A graph- Literature review,” Procedia Comput. Sci., vol. 181, pp. 51-58,
based approach for multi-folder email classification,” in Jan. 2021, doi: 10.1016/j-procs.2021.01.104.
Proceedings - [EEE International Conference on Data Mining, (27] D. Rafailidis and Y. Manolopoulos, “The Technological Gap
ICDM, Dec. 2010, pp. 78-87, doi: 10.1109/ICDM.2010.55. Between Virtual Assistants and Recommendation Systems,”
[6] N. Jha, D. Prashar, and A. Nagpal, “Combining artificial arXiv, Dec. 2018.
intelligence with robotic process automation—an_ intelligent {28} J. G. Enriquez, A. Jimenez-Ramirez, F. J. Dominguez-Mayo, and
automation approach,” in Deep Learning und Big Data for J. A. Garcia-Garcia, “Robotic Process Automation: A Scicntific
Intelligent Transportation, Springer, 2021, pp. 245-264. and Industrial Systematic Mapping Study,” /EEE Access, vol. 8,
[7] M. Ahmet Unal and O. Bolukbas, “The Acquirements of pp. 39113-39129, 2020, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2020.2974934.
Digitalization with RPA (Robotic Process Automation) [29] M. Adam, M. Wessel, and A. Benlian, “Al-based chatbots in
Technology in the Vakif Participation Bank,” in 2021 The 4th customer service and their effects on user compliance,” Electron.
International Conference on Information Science and Systems, Mark., pp. 1-19, Mar. 2020, doi: 10.1007/s12525-020-004 14-7,
2021, pp. 68-73. (30) D. Rountree, “4 - System Security,” in Security for Microsoft
18] “Robotic Process Automation | UiPath.” https://www.uipath.com/ Windows System Administraturs, D. Rountree, Ed. Boston:
{accessed Mar, 29, 2021). Syngress, 2011, pp. 109-134.
[9] J. Wewcrka and M. Reichert, “Robotic Process Automation -- A (31) M. Plummer, “How to Spend Way Less Time on Email Every
Systematic Litcrature Review and Asscssment Framework,” Day.”.
arXiv, Dee. 2020.
[to] M. Lacity and L. Willcocks, “Becoming Strategic with Intelligent
Automation,” A/S Q. Exec., vol. 10, no. 2, pp. 1-14, 2021.
{11) {. Alsmadi and I. Alhami, “Clustering and classification of email
contents,” J. King Saud Univ. - Comput. Inf. Sci., vol. 27, no. 1,
pp. 46-57, Jan. 2015, doi: 10.1016 jksuci.2034,.03.014.
{12} M. A. Naeem, I. W. S. Linggawa, A. A. Mughal, C, Lutteroth, and
G. Weber, “A Smart Email Clicnt Prototype for Effective Reuse of
Past Replies,” JEEE Access, vol. 6, pp. 69453-69471, 2018.
{13] S. Park, A. X. Zhang, L. S. Murray, and D. R. Karger,
“Opportunities for automating email processing: A need-finding
study,” in Proceedings of the 2019 CHI Conference on Human
Factors in Computing Systems, 2019, pp. 1-12.
[{14] M. Peng, B. Gao, J. Zhu, J. Huang, M. Yuan, and F. Li, “High
quality information extraction and query-oriented summarization
for automatic query-reply in social network,” Expert Svst. Appl.,
vol. 44, pp. 92-101, 2016.
115] N.K. Bhasin and K. Gulati, “A Study of the Readiness of Indian